"Edit: I see a lot of people have already thumbed down this review because it sounds like people are playing the race card with this movie. ""Peter Parker is the only Spider-Man!!"" Look watch the movie for yourself, or don't see it at all. If you're really that bothered by a black Spider-Man in this movie then why are you here reading reviews? You still have the Rami films and heck you still have the Garfield films if that's what floats your boat. If you really care about good storytelling and good animation then hear me out. Into the Spider-Verse is the hour of redemption for Sony's animation studio. I haven't been particularly happy with their recent films ranging from endless Hotel Transylvania sequels, constant remakes of the Smurfs, and of course the god awful Emoji Movie. I kept asking myself, when Sony? When will you actually use your creative talents and give us something worth our time? And folks, this is it. This is their baby. Into the Spider-Verse is not only one of the best animated films of the year, it's one of the best Spider-Man films period. I was skeptical at first too, the high ratings, the complex story, the studio, but thankfully the reviews were right on this. What this movie does so well is how it constantly engages its audience through visual storytelling. It reflects the same methods Stan Lee/Steve Ditko used when they wrote their comic stories all those years ago. You can tell the filmmakers did their homework and really captured the comic book esthetic to a whole other level. It's colorful, it's full of amazing textures, and the action is just amazing to watch. Now if the movie solely relied on this I probably would've given it a lower rating but thankfully they wrote a nice story here. We get to finally see Miles Morales come to life and while I didn't think he had the most interesting personality compared to say Peter Parker, he worked as a vessel for the audience. We got to see his Spider-Man journey in a very unique and interesting way that feels nostalgic but fresh at the same time. I do have to add that I didn't quite feel the emotional weight in this film with Miles' character arc like I did in Tobey's Spider-Man 2, but it was still emotionally satisfying for this film on its own when you don't compare it to previous films. In the end, this was still my favorite Spider-Man movie since Spider-Man 2. It's funny, fun, and full of heart. I would be ok with Sony owning the license to Spider-Man if they kept making movies with this animation style but still carry some depth and passion in the storytelling. Because this movie honored the most endearing thing about Spider-Man's story, and it's that anyone can wear the mask. It's that universal trait that Steve Ditko and Stan Lee created all those years ago that make this character so mythological and so palpable. And this has one of Stan's best cameos yet I promise you that. If you're a Spidey fan, or just a comic fan, or even just a fan of animated films. YESSS GO SEE IT. This is my favorite animated film of the year, if not in years, and might potentially creep into my top 10 films of the year. PLEASE GO SUPPORT THIS. 9/10."
