"""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is a fantastic film but might be a bit overwhelming for some viewers. It's filled with blaring hip-hop music and the animation is beyond splashy...it's competely intense! Now these are NOT criticisms...more a warning if you hate these sorts of things or if you or someone you loves has challenges, such as Autism....as the film might really be overwhelming. Still, I'm nearly 55 and loved the picture...and I think most will if they have an open mind and want something different. That DOES strongly apply to me, as I've gotten sick of superhero movies because there have been so many recently and there's a certain sameness about them...but not this Spider-Man film!

The story is told with breathtaking CGI--with a look that is nothing like any other film I've ever seen. In this world is a young man who sees Spider-Man killed and is also bitten by a spider and becomes the next incarnation of Spider-Man. But instead of taking the time to enjoy and learn about his new powers, this young man finds himself in the middle of a weird apocalyptic occurance---and all the various incarnations from the various universes come together to save the day.

Overall, amazingly creative...there's nothing else like it. This is more than reason enough to see it. Sadly, however, the film loses a bit on home TVs...even big ones as the scale and size of the film needs the big screen."
"A movie worthy of Stan Lee's approval. Incredible animation, great story, great message. This film lives up to the hype and honestly surpassed my expectations. The only reason I think there are some negative reviews is because you can never please everyone. However, for the vast majority of viewers, I believe you'll find this film to be great. Highly recommend seeing it in theaters just for the amazing animation style."
"So many have commented, so I will be brief. From an intriguing plot to wonderful characterizations using drop dead animation, this film works. About ten minutes into it it thought, ""This is just a kind of hip hop version of Spiderman."" But the main character is suddenly thrust into a world which he must learn quickly to manage. The canon takes a turn here toward incredible creativity. I avoid mainstream animation, but this has restored my faith."
"Have you ever sat through a film and you knew that films would never be the same going forward? For example, Terminator 2, Star Wars.. the first Toy Story... Iron Man

Well this is one of those. This is a almost rather perfect film. Let me just say the the stylished animation is just top notch. It as if the comic book leaped off the pages. I've seen practically all super hero films to include the DC animated ones. This feels as if they took comic books and Playstation animation and just came up with this perfect look.

And the story is great.. the pacing is so wonderful. It is able to tell the story.. and an origin without boring us to tears like Zack Snyder has done in the DC universe. The story is quiet touching. And it allows us to have a pretty interesting Spider Man in Miles WITHOUT thrashing or having a Peter Parker like experience.

Plus our the villains are so well done..

But I think we will see a lot more of this type of animation in the future from Sony. I think they announced their presence with authority.. like how Dreamworks did with Shrek.. and how Pixar did.

It's been awhile I seen something so unexpected and so cool."
"There's hardly anything I would improve about this film. The visuals, concepts, soundtrack, characters, pace, humor and animation are all some of the best I've ever seen in any film; I was worried the hype would ruin it for me, as it always does, but not even the group of kids in the theater who wouldn't stop loudly talking could ruin it for me. It is visually engaging and beautiful in every scene, not to mention with an incredibly unique art style, and is honestly something other animated movies should have to look up to for a long time. The only real issue I can think of is the flashing lights, which really alienates any epileptic audience, but even then it's done so in a beautiful and artful way."
"The thing I hate about superhero movies is the origin story. After a multitude of Spider-Man stories, do we really need another retelling of his origin? That's the first - of many - things that Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse does right. Much like how Grant Morrison retold Superman's beginnings in one page in All-Star Superman, this movie tells you everything you need to know within one minute and goes right into the action. It expects you to know the expected, but then once it makes you feel comfortable, it tears the rug out from under you.

Here's the low down for those of you that don't read comics: there's more than one reality and more than one version of Spider-Man, who may not always be a man. Written by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, who left Solo due to creative differences, this movie is pure joy from start to finish. If you know and love the characters, it's so amazing to see them treated properly on the big screen. And if you don't, it's so much fun to meet all new versions of a character you already love.

Beyond the Spidey you know and love, there's Miles Morales, a gifted teen who struggles to fit into a new school. He loves Spider-Man, is often at odds with his parents and looks up to his uncle Aaron. While working on graffiti, he's bit by a radioactive spider and suddenly has the same abilities as his hero.

After a tragic incident when the real Spidey battles the Kingpin as that baddy tries to uses a particle accelerator to bring back his lost wife and son, Miles must take on the mantle of a hero while working alongside the Spiders of other dimensions: Spider-Gwen, Spider-Man Noir, Peter Porker the Spectacular Spider-Ham, and Peni Parker and SP//dr.

The voice talent in this movie is absolutely amazing: Lily Tomlin is the best Aunt May ever, Nicholas Cage steals the show as Spider-Man Noir, who is from a world where it's always black and white and smells like rain and it was great to hear comedian John Mulaney as Spider-Ham.

There's so much of this movie that perfectly translates the language of comics in a way that few films have succeeded in accomplishing. Ang Lee's The Hulk came close, but the animated styles of this film are constantly moving and even more alive than real action.

It's also the first time I've seen a teenage world in a superhero movie that feels vibrant and now. Nothing feels fake, phony or forced about the school scenes. And the music is just as powerful as the film.

Of all the Stan Lee cameos in the Marvel films, the one here feels the most organic and perfect. It brought a tear to my eye when he sold Miles the costume and told him that all the costumes eventually fit. Kudos to the producers for remembering both Lee and Steve Ditko at the film's end.

In case you didn't pick it up, I give this movie my highest recommendation. While Infinity War may be the best Marvel movie ever, you need to have seen every single Marvel movie ever to get that. This is the kind of film that Becca could watch and enjoy without needing to open a single comic, which is just how she likes it. It's not only the best animated movie I've seen this year, it may be the best movie overall."
Visually stunning. Great storyline. Great cast. Amazing soundtrack. Tear jerking cameo. Pop culture post credit scene of the decade. Thank you Marvel and Sony for making a Spidey movie everyone can love.
"Updated review 4-9-19

I've now watched this movie 10 times since getting it on digital and then Blu-ray and can safely say this is a rare, near perfect movie. This is of course my opinion and I understand why this movie isn't for everyone. Let's break down a few of the reasons why for each of these points.

If we had a list of everything that can be done to make a near perfect movie, this movie checks every box. The visuals have been talked about endlessly. It won an Oscar for them. We know they're great.

The story is great, giving us a new Spider-Man with his own skills and personality that he brings to the table. The script is tight and the production is executed with laser precision.

The voice acting is nothing short of top notch. This is easily the second best thing about this movie right behind the glorious visuals.

Shamiek Moore has quickly grown on me over the ten times I've watched this movie. His range is as good as any veteran actor and he injects so much life into Miles Morales. He IS Miles Morales.

Chris Pine did not phone in the short amount of lines he had whatsoever. Just superb casting because he and Jake Johnson sound pretty similar. And oh boy, Jake Johnson.

I never understood why JJ had gotten so wildly popular over the last several years. With this movie I finally understand. I get it. It clicked. From the moment he pops up in this movie around the 20 minute mark till the end, Jake turns in one of the voice acting performances perhaps of all time. He succeeds in bringing a past his prime Peter Parker to life and runs the gamut of dramatic, sincere, intense, but above all FUNNY. Every single comedic line never fails to make me laugh out loud. Many of the gags pop into my head while I'm working or doing something else and I'll chuckle and repeat the line to myself.

I've always enjoyed Hailee Steinfeld and she shines in this movie along with all the supporting cast.

The greatest thing about this movie also happens to be its weakness. For me, the visuals are second to none. Another review title summed it up perfectly. ""The most visually stunning movie I've ever seen"". Absolutely agree. And while it takes a little time - usually 10-15 minutes - for your eyes to adjust to the frame rate, some people apparently can not adjust to this. I can imagine how poor that viewing experience would be, too bad really. Another thing is since they didn't use actual motion blur, but instead chose to animate blur-like artifacts and tricks to make it seem like blur, or having images doubled and overlapped for a ghosting effect, it confuses some people into thinking they're seeing the 2 images of the 3D version without the glasses. And lastly, the sheer intensity of some of the rapid action sequences combined with visual aesthetic pushed just beyond the breaking point and then dialed ever so slightly back by the direction team, it's just simply too much for some people. I get that.

As far as continuity/plot holes and things of that nature, I think the movie could actually stand to be about 15-20 minutes longer. There really aren't many issues though so maybe this is just me being greedy for more visuals.

Original review: Sure, we can dissect and critique and praise using any number of words we choose, but in the end to actually appreciate truly great art, it simply must be experienced in the medium in which it was created. For this movie, it was lovingly crafted in 3D, and so in my opinion can only be fully realized by the viewer in 3D.

What is a comic book movie, and what makes it great? From the original Superman where we first saw a comic book hero fly, to Burton's dark and stylized Batman, to the graphic novel style Sin City, live action ensemble X-MEN, Spider-Man, Iron-Man, The Dark Knight, the entire MCU....all of these are comic book movies, and depending on your personal definition probably range from good to great. And they're all live action with varying degrees of special effects, and some with animation. If you had to pick ones that 'feel the most like a comic book', you'd probably pick Sin City for the overall look, and the phase 3 MCU films for a combination of visuals and capturing the tone and spirit of the comic book story arcs.

But they aren't literally animated comics. The closest to that would probably be the animated movies, right? Like Mask of the Phantasm or any number of the Marvel animated movies. But again those are really 'just cartoons', and I don't mean that in a bad way. They're simply cartoon versions of comic books.

Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse is quite literally an animated comic book, and yet it is so much more at the same time. It's an explosion of comic book ink and paper, a dizzying palette of superbly rich colors, a jaw dropping display of digital artistry melded with living, breathing characters we care about, a story that is perfectly derived from the very medium in which it is being created and yet not for one single moment ever feels forced or hollow, a soundtrack fused with an endless exploration of a massive city, staggeringly sized scientific chambers, gigantic forests, and neon-electric-digital-dreamscapes of action set pieces that whir and click and come to life exactly as they do in the minds of children reading them on paper.

This movie is breathtakingly good in every aspect. Like-I'm-questioning-my-sanity-is-it-really-as-good-as-I-think-it-is!?!? Yes. Yes yes yes.

Remember the old Sega game Comix Zone? And how it was like ""oh wow! It's a comic book come to life!""? This is like that, with modern technology, cranked up a thousand times.

But here's the most important part - *it was all done in the right way, by the right people, at the right time*. It feels like this project was greenlit and handed to the very people who created comic books themselves with a ""here ya go, you have full creative control. Oh and by the way you have an unlimited budget! And resources! Have as much fun making a great movie as you possibly can!""

My first job was working in a movie theater. I took full advantage of being able to see free movies. I've built a decent surround sound system with all the creature comforts and have a growing library of movies. From the re-release of the original Star Wars trilogy, to each of the prequels and to the ongoing trilogy today, T-2, Titanic, the original X-Men, Avatar, The Dark Knight, Avengers, Avengers: Infinity War and so many more...I've gone to many, many big movie theater events for the experience. And I can safely say hands down that Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse in 3D is the best moviegoing experience I have ever had. It's that great."
"What would you do if you could be a superhero? What if you have no choice? From the very beginning, Spider-Man: Into the Spicer-Verse is very energetic and captures your attention. This animated film has impressive visuals. The music creates a fantastic rhythm. And you just want to watch more.

The story follows a high school student named Miles Morales, who just changed school. He goes into an abandoned subway station with his uncle Erin and gets bitten by a radioactive spider. Ever since that day, Miles starts sticking to everything he touches. Then, he meets Spider-Man (Peter Parker), teams up with some friends from the same dimension and they attempt to save the world from the villain Kingoin.

The story is very original and makes the impossible possible. It takes all the abilities of Spider-Man to far and beyond with its action scenes. The film also shows a very real family atmosphere and the humor is smart. I love the non-traditional characters and how they embrace diversity. And yes! Spider-Man is Latino and surely does speak Spanish! There are also some fun new characters.

With this film, Marvel has created a film that celebrates comics, film and visual arts. Of course, it celebrates Spider-Man and makes this super hero relevant and contemporary. It is absolutely eye-poppingly beautiful and really pushes the boundaries of the genre with its colors, textures and camera movements. There are several different forms of animation in one film. You feel as if you are actually reading a comic book or the comic book is coming to life.

Naturally, the film does a very touching tribute to genius Stan Lee. I feel the filmmakers took some risks bringing new ideas to this iconic character which as been adored for over 50 years. The result is a must-see family movie that is even more appealing to new generations. I also love how this film is animated. It's so different. I've never seen a film like this one. I think it's very unique. Be sure to stay after the credits to see something very special, including another set of credits at the very end.

This film sets a new era in animated movies. I recommend it for ages 5 to 18, as well as adults. I give it 5 out of 5 stars and include it in my Oscar predictions as a very possible winner. This is the film parents will love their kids to watch and kids will enjoy in many different ways.

With great power comes great responsibility and we all can be heroes. This is the idea behind Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse - inclusion for all in the vast universe and the idea that we can all be heroes by making the right choices and doing our best helping each other in our everyday life.

Reviewed by Zoe C., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic. For more reviews by youth, visit kidsfirst dot org."
"This movie was absolutely incredible. From the animation, to the storytelling, to the characters this movie is completely one of a kind. It is easily the best looking animated movie of the year (no surprise there), but what really caught me off guard was the story they were able to tell in such a short amount of time. Each character has their own distinct personality and is given their own separate characterization without making the movie feel bloated. I knew I would end up liking this movie, but this movie has completely exceeded my expectations. If you enjoy superheros or animation you should 100% definitely watch it in a theater."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is one of the most beautiful animated movies I've seen and possibly the best looking superhero movie of all time; with its bright neon colors combined with its comic book asthetic, it creates a world unlike anything I've seen since the LEGO Movie. The characters are all great. Miles Morales is a fantastic protagonist; understandably scared at the prospect of being Spider-Man, but excited to learn. His relationship with his father and Peter Parker are some of the most emotiinal scenes in the movie. Gwen Stacy is also a great supporting character, as are thr rest of the spider people. The villains are fun and the action is jaw dropping. It's also tear jerking tribute to Stan Lee. This is the best Spider-Man movie by far."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse tells the story of Miles Morales(Shameik Moore). When Miles becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, he meets various versions of the wall-crawler from parallel universes. Now, all the Spideys must team up to put an end to a danger, that could alter reality in terrible ways.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a mind-blowing film. Directors Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, Rodney Rothman & writer Phil Lord, have given us the best big screen adaptation of Spider-Man & that's saying something. I love the fact that this movie, makes us feel nostalgic about the previous big screen adaptations of Spider-Man. The animation is awe-inspiring. The comic book format of the animation is unique & is perfect for one of the most loved comic book characters. The 3D is amazing(watch this film on the biggest screen possible, preferably IMAX). The action set pieces, the humour & the emotional scenes are perfectly balanced, throughout. The voice-over work is unforgettable. Shameik Moore is spectacular as Miles Morales. Moore brings that much needed vulnerability to his character. Jake Johnson is outstanding as Peter B. Parker. Hailee Steinfeld is brilliant as Gwen Stacy. Mahershala Ali is perfect as Uncle Aaron. Brian Tyree Henry is excellent as Jefferson Davis. John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn & Nicolas Cage are awesome as Spider-Ham, Peni Parker & Spider-Man Noir, respectively. Kathryn Hahn & Liev Schreiber are superb as Doc Ock & Wilson Fisk, respectively. Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoe Kravitz & Chris Pine are great as Aunt May, Rio Morales, Mary Jane & Peter Parker, respectively. Everything about Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is jaw-dropping! A must watch. Swing by your nearest multiplex, immediately!"
"Going into this I had high hopes but, was afraid It might not be as good as the hype says But, damn... This movie is underhyped. I loved every second of it. The animation was gorgeous, the characters were so fun and the soundtrack, flawless. The twists, you never see coming and don't even get me started on how beautiful the end fight scene was. This film is the best animated film of 2018 and in my opinion, the best film of 2018 definitely worth seeing!"
"I knew that this movie would be good from the first moment I heard about it last year, and it did not disappoint me one bit. It met all of my expectations, and then went above and beyond them. The animation is a blend of CGI, stop animation, pop/comic book art and realism. The vibrant colors pop out at you, and the action sequences really enthrall. A very captivating and beautiful piece of art is this movie, and the writing choices leave nothing to be desired. The story is that of the traditional starting superhero with a bunch of twists thrown in. The movie itself actually follows past comics for the most part, with some minor changes here and there. A true Spider-Man, or comic book fan in general, will not have anything to criticize in this movie. Everything that fans want to see out of Spidey(s) is in this movie. There are multiple different variations of Spider-Man in the film, and all of them have their special moments to shine. The end credit scene just rockets this movie up past my already positive expectations, and it gets a 10/10 from me! The movie can be enjoyed by both young and old alike, and trust me, it will blow your mind! Best animated film of 2018, and one of the best superhero movies ever made. It deserves any and all awards and kudos it will surely garner."
"Okay first of all, WHAT SONY? A good animated film?! A GREAT animated film?! Don't has reedemed themselves in my book and have created the DEFINITIVE Spider-Man movie in the process."
"Pituitary overload, pop art sugar rush, bugeyed & reeling amazed at the sheer level of originality barrelling at you at the speed of light. Animation reaching for it´s potential and massaging your brain till your spine tingles. Needs to be experienced."
"Spider Man: Into the Spider Verse is one of the greatest and most original movies I have ever watched! It has a completely fresh and different style compared to any other comic book movie I've watched, now I don't just think this is the best animated movie ever, I think it's the best Spider Man movie ever, the best superhero movie ever and one of the best movies ever, which is a massive accomplishment. Considering the Sony movie that came before it was The Emoji Movie, most people were skeptical, but leaving that theatre, I have no doubt in my mind people were blown away! The idea of a multiverse is sick, but it's even sicker when it is executed like it was in Into the Spider Verse, it is often considered the best Spider Man movie of all time, even by Raimi trilogy fans (such as myself) and it definitely deserves that title. It balances seriousness and comedy without falling down, and that ""What's up Danger?"" scene is magnificent and one of the best scenes in cinema history!

All the people from different Spider-verses are likeable and hilarious, every scene could be made into a poster because of how aesthetically pleasing the entire movie is. The background stories for each time we are introduced to a new spider-person are excellently done and the villains are also done really well. This is a rare example of superhero movie perfection."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a gorgeously animated superhero film that manages to make Spider-Man feel fresh again whilst also being extremely funny and emotional. The soundtrack and the music by Daniel Pemberton are both amazing. Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Shameik Moore, Mahershala Ali and Brian Tyree Henry all give excellent performances. Nicholas Cage and Jon Mulaney are both perfect. The action is great and it's extremely well paced."
"Just watched this with my movie theatre-working friend and his adult nephew. We all were enthralled by the tale of the various Spider-Heroes depicted in this film especially the main one of Miles Morales. Some of the backgrounds looked like what a 3-D movie would look like without wearing the glasses which confused me to think I needed them but then the front scenes were clear so I then knew I didn't. Great visuals and story. Also, nice extended cameo by co-creator Stan Lee and touching since this was released after his passing. Nice of the credits sequence to also dedicate the movie in memory of him and other co-creator Steve Ditko. So that's a very high recommendation of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse."
Loved this movie. Great action. 3D was awesome since it's in cartoon format. Will go see it again.
"Heads-up: I'm only going to be talking about Peter Parker in this review. I'll make a separate one for the film laterm I just feel like he deserves his own review. That's how great Peter is in this film.

Into The Spider-verse reminds us why we love Spiderman so much, and does so in an original and humane way.

I used to love Spiderman as a kid. I got obssessed with the cartoons he starred in as well as the original movie trilogy, one that actually helped me get interested in the character and marvel as a whole. But my love for this character, as most things, dissolved and it never got around to build itself up again, even after constant remakes and wonderful performances. I never felt that spark again, that love I felt for this charming dude was gone, dead.

Then Into The Spider-verse came, and my whole world turned upside down. I felt a fire inside my stomach. There it was, that long-forgotten love for Peter Parker, one that I thought I would never experience again, expanding continuously as the movie progressed, hitting me in all the right places.

I'd even dare to say that this movie made me understand the reason as to why spider-man is universally loved:

He's an everyday guy with super powers, that's it. He's flawed but pure at heart. He's relatable. He belongs to the people. He's one of us.

This movie's fresh take on Peter Parker is exactly what we needed to fully grasp that, how compelling this character can be without using any of his super powers. This version of Peter Parker is fat, subtly depressed, and tired, yet he's the most charming and lovable version of this character yet. It's something we haven't seen in quite a while, the genuine humanity that makes Peter Parker such a charismatic character, and one can only be thankful for it.

Spider-man is cool again, but in a totally different, and perhaps even better, way. Just your everyday dude taking a leap of faith, giving the audience who relates to his struggles courage to do the same. This is what Spiderman can be and what he should be. A character that's ours, a character that teaches you that anyone can be a hero, that's the real Spiderman. This is the true Homecoming. Spiderman is freaking back! Welcome home!"
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Review:

Into the Spider-Verse is a new Sony animated movie about Miles Morales, a Spider-Man, who discovers multiple versions of Spider-Man from different dimensions after an experiment gone wrong. I absolutely love Spider-Man. He is my favorite character of all time so I was super excited for this. I loved Into the Spider-Verse! Everything was definitely thought through very carefully, taking into consideration all the comics and backstories for each character. The story was amazing. It was trippy and just fantastic. It wasn't really predictable for the most part which is really good. The voice acting was really good. Shameik Moore as Miles was by far the best part. His emotion was really good and you could feel for him like you knew Miles. Jake Johnson as Peter B. Parker was really good. I thought that Spider-Man was funny and just enjoyable. Mahershala Ali as Uncle Aaron was very good. Mahershala is just a really good actor and if was cool to hear him voice acting. Brian Tyree Henry player Jefferson Davis and he was a great voice actor for Miles's father. All the characters had great development. There were three Spider-Men that came later on that I really liked but didn't have too much exposition on them, but it made sense for them not to have to much. Throughout the film when we meet all the Spider-Men they do exposition on them and they do it in a comedic way and for those three they didn't need to go too deep so it worked. Also the villain of the story, King Pin, had a great design and looked like a good villain but he kind of failed a little. I could see his views after his backstory was revealed but I wanted just a little more out of him. This film had some of the best animation I've ever seen. They made it like a comic book and it looked beautiful. Also the movie is a bit trippy so some of the scenes were just beautiful looking. I could talk about this movie for a long while but I don't want to get into spoilers. If you love Marvel and Spider-Man there is no way to be disappointed. I would recommend it for sure. It'll be nominated for Best Animated Feature for the Oscars (it was nominated for the Golden Globes). It's now hard to say if this or Incredibles 2 will win. This movie has higher ratings but Incredibles 2 is Disney and they almost always win. Once again see it! I absolutely loved Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse!!!

My Grade: A"
"Growing up, I grew an appreciation for the character of Spider-Man that I've never been able to develop for any other comic book character. It was Sam Raimi's original live-action trilogy that hooked me and had me scrounging for more. Watching countless episodes of every cartoon iteration, and even starting to read a few of the comics, I found myself becoming a huge fan of this generational icon. Once Spider-Man 3 hit theatres, the character had lost all hope on the big screen, until Andrew Garfield took the role from Tobey Maguire, which didn't last too long, and also crashed and burned. Finally, he found his footing in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, played by Tom Holland, but none of that matters when watching Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. Not only is this the best that this character has been in a while, but I believe there's a real argument to made that this is possibly the greatest feature-length film based on this character, period.

In this film, which is loosely based off of storylines that are very similar to how this movie plays out, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse follows Miles Morales as he's bitten by a radioactive spider and develops the same (and more) powers as his hero, Spider-Man. After an event opens a portal, it's revealed that his universe isn't the only one. There are endless dimensions out there with parallel characters and creatures, all with similar backstories. From Spider-Gwen to Spider-Ham, this film explores the classics as well as the bizarre, which I fear will probably turn off some average moviegoers who haven't experienced these characters yet, but if you can't embrace a film like that, it's probably not for you anyways.

From the very first teaser trailer, I was very intrigued by the look of this film and how different it looked from most animated films out there today. With only a couple of notable films in Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and Arthur Christmas, Sony Pictures hasn't had the best track record in terms of releasing animated movies theatrically. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse has given new life to that notion, because this isn't only the best they've ever produced in my opinion, but it's the best animated movie that has come out all year. The unique style leaps off the screen and made me find another layer to love, on top of the fantastic storyline and characters surrounding it.

Yes, the origin story of Peter Parker is the one that everyone knows. That is very much present here again, and nearly every one of these characters share similar backgrounds, but it feels as though the filmmakers expect the audience to be in on the joke of that. This movie is very meta at times, and it works very well if you're invested in the movie as a whole. At the emotional core of this movie is how these characters differ from one another and how certain circumstances can be worse than others. There are some fantastic life lessons to be learned by children here, and for that, I only loved this movie even more.

In the end, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse impressed me on many levels. It gives you the Spider-Man action that you've come to expect from this character, as well as giving new life to it. The character of Miles Morales has just as many layers to his story as the classic Peter Parker one, but the inclusion of each one of the side characters here fleshes him out even more. This is one of the best superhero origin stories I've seen on the big screen in years. Filled with heart, emotion, plenty of action, and eye-candy as far as the eye can see, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is one of my favourite films of the year."
"Everything about this movie is exceptional And 1st time watch is not worth, you should literally watch this atleast 2-3 times to gully enjoy every single frame"
"I'm blown away, this movie is absolutely beautiful. The animation is stunning, the soundtrack is amazing and the dialogue and storyline is so heart-warming. The characters are memorable, they all bring their own emotions rubbing off on the audience, and the humor is right on, its daring and hilarious and doesn't seem forced like you might see in some of the MCU films. There's been 7 Spider-Man films in the last 16 years and this might be the best one yet, its pays its respect to the past films while driven on its own storyline adventure, being such a known character the movies still comes out as original. The cinematography and animation are gorgeous, definitely oscar worthy. I'd say this is one of the best superhero origins movies ever made. Then there's the numerous amount of easter eggs, be on the lookout for those. I can't say the movies underrated cause its be treated just as it should be, but if there's one thing that its underrated its the soundtrack, the funny thing is the soundtrack is the exact type of music Miles Morales would listen to, so I guess you could say there's a touch of realism. In the end all I can see is go see this movie for yourselves, the visual experience is amazing, its touching and serious, funny and witty, brings more emotion than some of the superhero movies you'll see today and best of all if your sick of superhero movies this is a complete different and fresh start of the genre. (Don't forget to wait till the end of the credits)"
"I had high expectations for this movie and it didn't fail to meet them, this film has great animation, great humour, emotion, and heart. It has pretty much everything people would want for an animated movie."
"I gotta day I thought this movie was going to suck because of that awful emoji movie by Sony. Boy was I wrong. This probably my favorite spider man movie. It as great characters, great comic book action, great emotional moments, great animation. I also liked in some particular scenes they were down for using violence. In the movie a character gets crushed and another one gets shot. Although it didn't actually show any blood or anything, it's still a bit over the top for a PG movie. But I'm glad they had the balls to do that. It also feels like your watching an actual comic book. Like they have those sound effects like when spider man thwips his webs and when characters punch and kick each other and explosions go off. It feels like a panel of a comic come to life. I also like how they make peter and Gwen's backstories hilariously sad. This is actually a pretty funny movie. I was suprised that this movie was funny. I also like they have journeys for the two main characters that are wrapped up by the end of the film. This film also shows how the character of spider man is so inspirational and important. How he matters not just to the marvel universe but how he relates to people who read his stories. And the post credits scene is probably my favorite of this year. Wait till the end to see it. I pretty much loved everything about this movie except probably Kingpin. He was underdeveloped a lot and I wish he was given more to do. Overall though, Spider man into the spider verse is a blast of a film and I am going to give it a 9.7/10"
"Dear Marvel fans, since I knew Spider Gwen is dubbed by my idol Hailee Steinfeld, I really wanted to watch this Spiderman: Into the Spiderverse movie. Then happily I did watch it and my review is just short: This movie is a fascinating graphic that please your eyes! Take a very big applause for artistic department and all team that make the idea of parallel universe could be combined with the original story of Spiderman. The identity, friendship, battles, family relations of Peter Parker became clear enough for the whole story of Spiderman series itself. How we ever knew about him, what is going on in his world, and when Spiderman transform himself to be a hero, is explained more here, and with the special appearances of Kingpin and his villain team, the director could lead the plots into the fun way for everybody. This is not just ordinary cartoon, but the highly qualified design graphic with the exact scenes, special effects, and bubble conversation like a moving comic-book. Every details in this animation is clearly edited by professional film-makers with any mistakes, nor any flaws. Even for Spiderman fans, this movie is so fresh to be watched and stays in his original starting point. No matter how many Spiderman movies could ever be made, this Spiderverse perhaps the first sci-fi animation I've ever watched and what a fascinating graphic to win Golden Globe very soon. And yes, I listen carefully of what Spider Gwen said because it is dubbed by my idol, Hailee Steinfeld, who will win many awards ahead. Thank you producer, director, casts, and crew to deliver this amazing movie to us."
"Edit: I see a lot of people have already thumbed down this review because it sounds like people are playing the race card with this movie. ""Peter Parker is the only Spider-Man!!"" Look watch the movie for yourself, or don't see it at all. If you're really that bothered by a black Spider-Man in this movie then why are you here reading reviews? You still have the Rami films and heck you still have the Garfield films if that's what floats your boat. If you really care about good storytelling and good animation then hear me out. Into the Spider-Verse is the hour of redemption for Sony's animation studio. I haven't been particularly happy with their recent films ranging from endless Hotel Transylvania sequels, constant remakes of the Smurfs, and of course the god awful Emoji Movie. I kept asking myself, when Sony? When will you actually use your creative talents and give us something worth our time? And folks, this is it. This is their baby. Into the Spider-Verse is not only one of the best animated films of the year, it's one of the best Spider-Man films period. I was skeptical at first too, the high ratings, the complex story, the studio, but thankfully the reviews were right on this. What this movie does so well is how it constantly engages its audience through visual storytelling. It reflects the same methods Stan Lee/Steve Ditko used when they wrote their comic stories all those years ago. You can tell the filmmakers did their homework and really captured the comic book esthetic to a whole other level. It's colorful, it's full of amazing textures, and the action is just amazing to watch. Now if the movie solely relied on this I probably would've given it a lower rating but thankfully they wrote a nice story here. We get to finally see Miles Morales come to life and while I didn't think he had the most interesting personality compared to say Peter Parker, he worked as a vessel for the audience. We got to see his Spider-Man journey in a very unique and interesting way that feels nostalgic but fresh at the same time. I do have to add that I didn't quite feel the emotional weight in this film with Miles' character arc like I did in Tobey's Spider-Man 2, but it was still emotionally satisfying for this film on its own when you don't compare it to previous films. In the end, this was still my favorite Spider-Man movie since Spider-Man 2. It's funny, fun, and full of heart. I would be ok with Sony owning the license to Spider-Man if they kept making movies with this animation style but still carry some depth and passion in the storytelling. Because this movie honored the most endearing thing about Spider-Man's story, and it's that anyone can wear the mask. It's that universal trait that Steve Ditko and Stan Lee created all those years ago that make this character so mythological and so palpable. And this has one of Stan's best cameos yet I promise you that. If you're a Spidey fan, or just a comic fan, or even just a fan of animated films. YESSS GO SEE IT. This is my favorite animated film of the year, if not in years, and might potentially creep into my top 10 films of the year. PLEASE GO SUPPORT THIS. 9/10."
"We've got Peter Parker. We've got web-shooters. We've got a group of villains called ""The Sinister Six"". Yep, we've got a Spider-Man movie again. It used to be we would go several years between the further adventures of New York's web slinger. Now were going months. In fact, Spider-Man had a big part of the MCU epic Avengers: Infinity War back in May. So what's going on in December that requires an additional movie? You'd be surprised by how vast the comic world is that does justify another movie.

Like how many people have played a particular superhero, many people have played Spider-Man aside from Peter Parker. One popular addition is of another New York kid named Miles Morales. He garnered phrased for being the first half African-American, half Puerto Rican character to play a superhero. He was also noted for taking Spider-Man back to a youthful demeanor as Peter Parker in the story was getting a little old. But it doesn't stop there. There's also Spider-Woman, Silk, Spider-Noir, and even an anthropomorphic pig called Spider-Ham who operates on cartoon logic. While we don't exactly get all of them, we do get a bunch of them, along with an origin story for Miles in Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.

Young teenager Miles Morales (played by Shameik Moore) is adjusting to a new life at a prestigious boarding school academy, at the insistence of his cop father Jefferson (played by Brian Tyree Henry) who wants a better life for his son. Miles wants to impress his parents, but finds comfort in his more free spirited uncle Aaron (played by Mahershala Ali). One night, while the two of them do some graffiti art in a hidden area of the subway, not only does Miles get bitten by a spider, but also witnesses a battle and death of the popular Peter Parker Spider-Man while spotting Kingpin (played by Live Schreiber) working on a large machine that takes affect.

Like Peter Parker's story, Miles starts to notice changes like sticking to walls and spider senses. He visits Peter's grave to think about what to do next. Its here where an older Peter Parker (Played by Jake Johnson) meets him and asks for help to help him return to his own dimension. While uncovering plans from Kingpin to open several dimensions, Miles also comes across Spider-Gwen (Played by Haile Steinfeld), Spider-Noir (Played by Nicolas Cage), Peni Parker (played by Kimiko Glenn) and her robot, and Spider-Ham (played by John Mulaney) who all help figure everything out.

As you can see, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse juggles a lot and almost makes the mistake of cramming too much for one movie. Amazingly, the script not only keeps every character listed above in check, but also makes it a great story for young Miles Morales. If your worried that this is another origin story, this is one that puts a lot of focus of Miles and his relationship with his father and uncle. I can't disclose why, but it really creates new pressure that Peter Parker never had to face.

In terms of the rest of the characters, I really like this side to Peter Parker that we had yet to get from the other adaptations; a Spider MAN. A man whose gone through so much and had his heart broken several times, that he's more of a broken hero that needs fixing himself. His story balanced out well with Miles. He also gets a good scene involving the aunt May of this universe, almost like seeing a living ghost that was very sweet. While I don't want to give too much away, each Spider person gets their own arc as they navigate their way through Mile's world.

Let's talk about the animation, which looks great. Rather then going for a Pixar/DreamWorks look, this Spider-Man story has a comic book-look that takes advantage of that fact, along with that it's also animated. Unlike a lot of live action movies where use of computers can occasionally be distracting if not done well, it all blends well, especially with the action sequences. The angles remind me of the comic pages I still turn, given the use of color and word bubbles, that never become annoying, and are used accordingly to amplify the drama and comedy. This is a movie with the rare distinction where it's all it's own.

I'll give this ten Spider-Man comics out of ten. This was a fun and different Spider-Man movie that we needed, even more then Spider-Man: Homecoming. It could come off as too weird for some, but given the story's focus is still on this kid's growth as a hero and a teenager, it never felt overwhelming. It was an odd example of everything accidently fitting into piece. This is an absolute recommendation. Swing in and go see it."
A teenager finds his body changing and realises he can shoot sticky white substances from his body.
Went to see the movie in IMAX 3D on LSD. Best experience of my life! This is a masterpiece.
"I've waited 4 years to love Spider-Man this much. From comics to movies to video games, the last Spider-Man related story that I truly loved was the divisive Marc Webb movie, The Amazing Spider-Man 2. However, 2018 has really turned things around for my favorite Marvel superhero; from his groundbreaking video game for the PS4 to the brilliant Nick Spencer taking the reigns from the incompetent Dan Slott in the comics. Hell, even the MCU's depiction of Spider-Man (Which I despised in both Civil War and Homecoming) was surprisingly enjoyable in Infinity War, despite my thoughts on the rest of the film. The resurgence in quality Spider-Man stories continues with Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse; perhaps the best superhero film since 2004's Spider-Man 2.

The voice cast couldn't have been better. I've been saying how Shameik Moore would make a perfect Miles Morales ever since I saw him in Dope and he doesn't disappoint here. Much like Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn or J.K Simmons J.J Jameson, Shameik Moore IS Miles Morales as far as I'm concerned. He nails Morales ambition, his selflessness, his emotional vulnerability and his overall shyness in one of my favorite comic book movie performances ever. You could not have picked a better actor for this role.

Jake Johnson as an older, more broken (But still witty) Spider-Man who's lost his way was unexpected, but really interesting. Johnson is funny and charismatic, but has a real emotional pathos to him that takes his performance to the next level. He may actually be my favorite cinematic acting performance for Peter Parker He's a surprisingly complex character for a more family-targeted Spider-Man film and Johnson handles Parker's ascent from washed up has-been to the Spidey we all know and love wonderfully.

Nicolas Cage as Spider-Man Noir is a joy to listen to whenever he's on screen. His deliciously hammy New York accent firing off witty 1930s one liners is something never knew I needed so badly. I found myself smiling pretty much every time he spoke. It's a smaller role, but by God, Cage absolutely does his thing and it benefits this wacky, incredibly imaginative movie wonderfully.

All of the characters here feel so real and human. Miles' strong sense of honor and commitment to the ideals of his role models make him such a likable and easy-to-root for lead. Long before Miles dons his iconic red & black hoodie costume from the comics, he fully embodies the selflessness, compassion and empathy that make Spider-Man such an inspirational and iconic character. I can totally understand why his kindness and capacity for good inspire Jake Johnson's Spider-Man to return to his heroic and altruistic ways he had long since abandoned. The film really does an excellent job of testing Miles' will power, the sincerity of his innate goodness, putting him through the ringer emotionally as he suffers insurmountable, but staggeringly human, losses. This is the kind of Spider-Man that I wanted to be when I grew up. The character journey that Peter Parker goes through here is easily the most nuanced and layered he's experienced in a movie. From the deadbeat loser we see in the first act, to the hopeless martyr of the second to our Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man we witness in the third, the sheer depth (And natural pace) of Spider-Man's development here is something I honestly never thought the screenwriting duo of Lord & Rothman were capable of. Even with villains and minor characters like Kingpin, Uncle Aaron and Miles' father Officer Davis are all characters whose hopes, dreams, fears and ambitions are all things I could easily describe.

Much like Suicide Squad, the film makes the wise decision of using its vast and diverse gallery of characters to bring in a wondrous array of different visual styles. We have the urban graffiti style of Miles Morales, the 60s Marvel style of Peter Benjamin Parker, the Marvel Now! style of Spider-Gwen, the Golden Age comics style of Spider-Man: Noir, the Acme style of Spider-Ham and the anime style of Peni Parker. It's no secret that the film's core message is that anyone with a big spine and a bigger heart can be Spider-Man, but what makes Into the Spider-Verse so impressive is that, like the best comic books, it conveys this all visually. Every one of these different styles gets their own spot in the sunlight and I feel that every viewer will find a style here that really touches them on a personal level, just as each viewer is likely to find a Spider-Man here who they can relate too and resonate with emotionally. Spider-Man: Into the Spider Verse isn't merely a great comic book movie, it's a comic book brought to life.

I'll always have appreciation for soundtracks that really capture the musical tastes of a specific generation. They almost act as cultural time capsules of the time in which they were released. Spider-Man: Into the Spider Verse very much fits this description, featuring some of the best and most atmospheric songs of Post Malone, Juice Wrld, Seezyn, XXTentacion, Swae Lee and Annuel AE's careers. I haven't loved a soundtrack to a comic book movie this much since Spawn. Just like that film, Into The Spider-Verse's soundtrack really captures the musical atmosphere of the late 2010s. It just set such an emotional tone for the film, one that's very much earned with this excellent and moving screenplay.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider Verse is easily the best superhero film of 2018 and its place as the 2nd best Marvel film to date is unlikely to be unseated by anything else. It's a must see for anyone with even a remote love for the character and it completely makes up for the terrible depictions of Spider-Man in both Captain America: Civil War and Spider-Man: Homecoming. It's nice to see my faith (Or, relative faith over Marvel studios, at least) rewarded."
"Fresh, funny and frequently bonkers, Into The Spider-Verse is an astonishing shot of cinematic superhero adrenaline. For such an over-familiar character, somehow, this feels original and entirely new."
"This had better win some Oscars.

Okay, from the beginning: this movie is excellent. It is a thrill ride from start to finish, from being inventive to charting a new story to introducing so many good characters. Miles Morales' story is unique, emotional, and above all, fun.

Performances: they're voice performances, so at first glance there isn't much to consider, but once you get further into the movie, you hear these actors truly commit to their characters. Shameik Moore's voice embodies Miles Morales perfectly, and Jake Johnson finally finds a character that's not a stoner; he does have fun with it. Haliee Steinfeld is exhilarating and perfect as Spider-Gwen. The rest of the cast... they're all fantastic, I just don't have time to talk about it right now. Go Spider-Ham!

Direction/Writing: with three different directors, you'd expect this to come off as jumbled and incoherent, but it is not that at all. The scenes are well executed, the fight choreography is exhilarating, and the way they blend animation is simply stunning. The writing was soooooooo goooooooood. Phil Lord really had a story he wanted to tell, and he didn't skip out on any opportunity; somehow, we'll be laughing one minute and bawling the next. He really left it all on the field, especially with all ridiculous avenues he decided to go down with characters like Spider-Ham, Penny Parker, and Spider-Man Noire. The best part is it all works! The villain, Kingpin, is a bit sidelined, but it doesn't matter in the end because the story is about Miles and the people in his life. There's a moment in the trailer where Miles jumps off a building and we get this beautiful upside-down shot, and that moment is somehow even more satisfying given everything that leads up to it. The combo of story and characters truly does work.

There's so many things I could talk about, from the immersive world to the killer soundtrack to the fact they use sound effects that correspond to the character's respective universes. You can feel the amount of time and effort that went into this movie, and you can feel that feeling of satisfaction that it paid off. It's a truly unique movie and inventive experience that is a sight to behold. (10/10)

Seriously, Academy, look at this movie. And give it like all the awards."
"This movie was honestly much, MUCH better than I expected it to be. Even all the trailers combined do not do it justice. It's thrilling, emotional, and hilarious. Its really a masterpiece in my eyes. One of my favorite movies of the year!"
"This movie is brilliant. The animation is awesome, the story is really cool and compelling, and the humour is genuinely funny. How did this come from the same production company that gave us The Amazing Spider-Man movoes?"
"Epic movie! The graphics are out of this world. The voice is acting is on point, the plot is solid, the 4th wall breaks are subtle, and the characters are lovable. Oh, and the soundtrack and sound editing are amazing. Literally nothing bad about this movie."
Look man! I dont expect anything from this movie! It just so cool! So totally exceed my expectation! I just thought this is gonna be like the same old boring DC style animation straight to video! But its not! They are totally serious! They were working so hard to make this animation looks awesome and cool as ever! They just challenge DC man! Way to go Marvel! What a healthy competition!
"I saw the first Spider-man movie in 2003 and all that followed, but this is just something you never saw before.

It's hard to describe how good this movie is, so you better just watch the trailer and you will be convinced.

PS. Thanks God they didn't ruin it like with The Falcon (2021 series): here spider-man just happened to be black and that's it, it doesn't make him any better of worst for that."
"When first saw the trailer for this I was not planning on it being this fantastic but I was so unbelievably wrong this Is the best Spider-Man movie ever in my opinion. This movie understands what Spider-Man means to people and and the universe it's build. The story features Miles Morales a character never seen in a movie before and it's captures his personality straight from the comics. The movie also features Peter Parker as a side character to make room for a new Spider-Man and I love this part of the story and how it introduces so many characters but doesn't feel crowded. The animation is also very beautiful, fluid and unique you'll never be bored. It's also very funny for kids of all ages to enjoy. It doesn't Matter your interested in comics or animation or comedy or a heartfelt super hero movie this movie is a great flick for all ages you should definitely see."
"Amazing visuals, soundtrack, writing, plot, and characters all help to create an absolutely stunning film. Go see it."
"This is among the best films of the year and I really don't know what is the best part of it. The screenplay deftly interweaves a compelling origin story for a hero while deconstructing the notion of the monomyth while grappling with the cultural weight of Spider-Man. The screenplay is sharp, funny and emotionally resonant. Miles is a great character. Not a mere clone of Peter Parker but a person in his own right with unique foibles and desires. The screenplay does a lot to demonstrate the particulars of representation lead to different tonalities. It manages to make a really obvious twist hidden in the process of doing that as well. The story is great.

But it is also realized in some of the most vivid, alive animation I have ever seen. The film's CGI is expressive in ways that CGI rarely is. The directors lean into the stylistic implications of the story, each of the Spider-people have a different look for example. But they manage to make the film feel whole and unitary. Best of all the mainstay of the animation feels like the bright marvel style of the 60's mixed with the vibrant world of street art. (Miles does graffiti). Comic panels, lettering, action sound text etc all make appearances. It was a massive risk that pays off. The visual scope of this film is amazing; it is simply incredible how alive this film feels despite the stylistic artifice.

This is a film that truly works in every regard."
"Well deserved award nomination and I hope it receives more! I've seen sooo many Spider-Man movies over the years that I wasn't really looking forward to yet ANOTHER spidey film, but I absolutely LOVED this one!

It's action-packed, colorful, funny, clever, witty, entertaining and so fun. You can read my full movie review at MovieReviewMom (dot) com"
"Okay, I can only say I'm speechless.... I loved it and would definitely buy the Bluray.

Best marvel movie so far.. Beats every spider -man movie easily."
Best Spiderman movie I've seen so far. The animation is stunning and I love how the 'glitching' theme ties in with the animation style/framerate and music. Genius on all levels.
What an amazing movie each scene of the movie awesome ...watched in Pakistani theatre
"This is a straight up animated masterpiece. The animation style, the universe(s), the voice acting, the story telling, everything is amazing. I feel bad for the other animated films this year, because Into the Spider-Verse blows them all out of the water. It's hard to believe this is the same animation studio that made the smash hit The Emoji Movie. Spider-Man: Homecoming is still my favorite from the hero, but this one is not far behind. My only, tiny complaint is that the villains weren't very fleshed out, but with the multiple Spider men and women needing adequate backgrounds and screen time, I can easily look past it. This is a superhero movie for the typical fans or the oblivious viewer, creating the always beautiful message that anyone can wear the mask. We're all a lit bit Spider-Man."
"For the first time ever, Sony Pictures Animation presents to us a new movie that has the better critics like some movies of Disney/Pixar."
"I hardly post reviews but, I Just watched Spider-Man Into the Spider-Verse and OMG that is by far in my opinion the best Spider-Man movie ever!!! The story was so well written, the characters were awesome, the music was actually awesome, and OMG the art style they chose for this movie was so amazing and it was like watching a living comic book!!! Also, you know how sometimes superheros usually just come off as superheros and not like actual people well they actually showed emotion and development and oml just see it I geeked out enough 😂 Edit: if the creators somehow see this post You created something brilliant with this film, And you made Stan and Steve proud. Good Job, Spider-Verse team. Excelsior!!!"
"This film is storytelling at its finest. They've really transferred the art of comic book story telling onto the big screen to a level that no other film has matched. Beautiful and fresh animation. They've not been afraid to try something new and it has definitely paid off. I hope this sets an example for future films, as it's definitely raised the bar! A film that can be both parents and children's favourites. Very memorable."
"Wow. That's the only word that I was able to articulate after being blown away by Spider-Verse. Normally I write my reviews as soon after seeing the movie as possible, however this time, I needed to give myself a few days to make sure I wasn't just riding the high that the movie leaves you on, and that it actually was as well-made as I thought. A few days later and my thoughts haven't changed. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is not only the best animated movie of the year, it's also the best superhero movie of the year (and this is coming from someone who loved both Black Panther and Infinity War), and simply one of the best movies of the year period (not to mention the best Spider Man movie of all time). This film succeeds in every conceivable way: it's got well-written, compelling characters that are brought to life by superlative acting; the visuals are stunning and create the most immersive theater experience of the year; the action is thrilling and never gets repetitive; the story manages to be both completely groundbreaking while also paying homage to the Spider Man story we know and love; and best of all, the comedy is absolutely spot on, every single joke lands without feeling cheap or getting old. As good as this movie is across the board, I suspect it all stemmed from an impressively written screenplay. Not surprisingly, Phil Lord (and an uncredited Chris Miller), truly understands what people enjoy and relate to in the Spider Man story and brings that to the screen beautifully. What's accessible about the character of Spider Man is that he (or she) is just a normal kid who gets these extraordinary powers and learns to become a superhero. As great a character as Iron Man is, it's pretty hard for a child to relate to the hard-drinking billionaire who happens to fight crime. Spider Man is relatable because he is a superhero every person can see themselves becoming in those circumstances. And that is the thesis of this film. Anyone can be Spider Man. The introduction of the Spider-Verse actually serves this message and enhances the story, which is what made the movie so enjoyable. At no point did the multi-verse concept feel like a device for selling toys (ahem... Porgs), but instead was a natural way to set up Miles Morales. There are only two things I could think of that could get criticized in Spider-Verse, the first is its inaccessibility to people who don't like Spider Man or superheroes, and the second is its visual style might not work for everyone. To address the first issue, I suspect there will be people who think this movie is only entertaining for people who already enjoy Spider Man properties, but I strongly disagree. Taking the Spider Man aspect out of this film, there's still a lot of great storytelling at work. Within this movie is a coming of age story about a black-hispanic kid trying to fit into his almost all-white high school, a story about a father trying to relate to his son, a story about a man who has given up on life who needs someone younger and more hopeful to show him the way, and a damn good science fiction story about a multi-verse. All of these narratives work without the superhero aspect, and I think make this film completely accessible to someone who has never seen a Spider Man movie before. The second issue about the visual style I understand a bit more, as initially the visuals didn't work for me. The style is shaky and imperfect and I felt like I was watching a 3-D movie without glasses. However, I realized they meant for the look to be imperfect and rough around the edges, just like worn out comic book come to life. I think part of the problem is that in recent years, with Pixar and Illumination movies, animation has gotten so refined and smooth, that is was at first off putting to see something break out of that mold. But after about 30 minutes, my eyes adjusted and I was able to get absorbed into the world they created. In summary, Spider-Verse is a mesmerizing movie that is firing on all cylinders and absolutely succeeds. It's funny, smart, heartfelt, with a message that makes me feel as hopeful and optimistic as I did when I was a kid seeing Toby Maguire become Spider Man for the first time. If you love Spider Man, you will 100% eat this movie up, and if you don't already love the wall-crawling hero, you will by the end of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. Go see this movie!"
"Okay so i found no wrong with this into spider verse, is just perfect and stan would have loved it ! The visuals is extraordinary and i really dig the comic vibe to it ! The story is great and you really feel for morales and after the movie is over you just wanna go out and web sling and thats a good sign. The soundtrack/ music fits perfectly into the movie and just makes it moore cooler! Stan lee and steve ditko creation of spider man had tough me so much in live that is okay to be special how it would be as a kid to have super powers in this normal soceity! They would have learned this renewed version of spider man when peter is the teacher/mentor and who has left over the stick to miles morales the new spider man!"
"""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is astounding stylized state-of-art animation with the look and feel of 3-D Japanese Anime. The animation is visually shadowed and soulful with vibrant pastels. Not just mesmerizing eye-candy, team of Directors - Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, and Rodney Rothman craft a fresh rites of passage narrative of immerging Spider-Man, half-African American Miles Morales, voiced by spirited and smart Shameik Moore. Although in Phil Lord (""The Lego Movie"" and ""22 Jump Street"") and Rodney Rothman's screenplay, Miles is one of several 'Spider-Men' and 'Spider-Women' intersecting in this Marvel superhero, sci-fi, family mashup.

Turns out that villain ""Kingpin"", voiced by malevolent Live Schreiber, the blockish hulking bald cartoon figure used his invention - the Super Collider to collapse the multiverse. To what ends? Honestly, I don't think even Phil and Rodney know. That might be beside the point. Because, ""Into the Spider-Verse"" is just raucous fun with a warped sense of humor and a big heart.

Directors Bob, Peter and Rodney introduce the Spider-Man in New York that we all know and love: Peter Parker, voiced by whimsical Chris Pine. He's the guy, who was bitten by the radioactive spider that gave him his amazing strength, agility and 'spidey sense' as in sixth sense. After an extended Superhero career of 22 years including his failed marriage to the love of his life Mary Jane, voice by Zoe Kravitz, Spider-Man dies as a Hero, doing what he loves to do: Saving others.

Miles is a teen attending a college prep school on scholarship: The brilliant computer geek, who chills to Post Malone. His Dad Jefferson Davis, voiced by stalwart funny Brian Tyree Henry, is a police officer, who not a big fan of Spider-Man and his ""along with great power comes great responsibility"" dogma. Somewhat self-absorbed, he unconditionally loves Miles. Jefferson even coerces Miles to say, ""I love you, Dad."" - in front of his entire school.

At school Miles is sweet on pretty smart blonde Gwen Stacy, voiced by wonderfully aloof Hailee Steinfeld. Their attraction is mutual. Miles derives security in his relationship with his Uncle Aaron, voiced with street gravitas by Mahershala Ali. Aaron and his brother Jefferson Davis are estranged, given Aaron questionable shady dealings. Yet, Aaron is the cool Uncle, who encourages Miles's distinct gift as the street tagger of amazing urban spray paint murals. While working one of his masterpieces, Miles is bitten by what looks like a radioactive spider. Consequently, Miles acquires his Spider-Man powers.

At the same time Miles meets his alter-dimensional persona in older paunchy Peter B. Parker, voiced by funny, mildly cynical Jake Johnson, who teaches Miles the ropes of Spider-Man's web-slinging. While escaping from Kingpin's facility and swinging through the snowy forests, Peter and Miles encounter sleek white suited Spider-Gwen - Gwen Stacy (Hailee). Turns out too, that Gwen is the Spider-Woman from yet another dimension. Like Peter, she also needs to return to her home dimension.

So it's up to Miles, who must wrestle control of Kingpin's Super Collider, to forge the dimensional pathway back to their respective dimensions. Meanwhile, Miles meets Spider-Men from other dimensions. Black and white Spider-Man Noir, voiced by off-the-wall Nicolas Cage, is from a past dimensional era. There's Warner Brothers-like cartoon Spider-Ham, voiced by hysterical John Mulaney. Life-size Japanese Anime Peni Parker, voiced by quirky Kimiko Glenn, is from the 31st Century sporting her advanced robotic Spider-Man. As Peter says, ""This could literally not get weirder."" Balancing this phase-glitched universe are versions of Spider-Man's villains: Green Goblin, Scorpion, and a few others that I don't recognize.

There is a whole lot of nonsense running amok in ""Into the Spider-Verse"", yet the directors resonate in asking, ""What makes a Hero?"" With surprising poignancy, cartoon Spider-Ham tells emerging Hero Miles, ""You can't save everyone."" Otherwise, the great responsibility and power become a curse.

When Miles has doubts that he can become the Hero, Peter tells him, ""Take a leap of faith."" Believe in the hero that's within all of us. Our Heroes arise from our belief from within, and from the love those who believe in us. For Miles that's the world-weary and wise Jake Johnson as Peter B. Parker, and brave and compassionate Hailee Steinfeld as Gwen. Radiant Shameik Moore makes us believe that his Miles shall discover his own greater than self within.

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is about summoning the Hero within all of us. Even more so than the amazing animation, that narrative makes ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" one of my favorite movies this year."
BEST SPIDER-MAN YET!!! Stan Lee would be proud. BEST ANIMATED MOVIE OF THE YEAR!!!!
"So like... going into this film I was incredibly optimistic and excited. Because the last time I saw this I gave it a 9/10 and the only reason I didn't give it a 10/10 was because I thought Miles got too good too fast. Then I realized, all the Spider-Mans have that happen. This one though actually focussed on the teaching part which I really enjoyed. Miles isn't a god at web-slinging immediately, he grows and has to overcome his arc. It's his origin story, and surprisingly even with a gigantic cast of characters, 4 villains and 6 Spider-people the movie still feels like Miles's story and he never feels shifted to the side for anything.

One thing that I think this movie absolutely nails is the fluidity of Spider-Man. They move with such elegance and grace (Most of the time at least) In a way that animation can really bring out and show. Ever flip and roll all feel incredibly fluid and it moves from one scene to the next with such grace. A lot of the time during movies I do what I like to call the three pauses. 1 at 20 minutes, which is usually me deciding if I want to actually watch the movie, one an hour in to see how much is left and then one more at an hour and a half because I feel that length elapsing. In this movie I didn't pause once (With the exception of a sync error) I had to pee so incredibly bad for the last 20 minutes but I was so captivated by the colours and story I didn't want to.

The villain and soundtrack in this movie were good, I say villain but this is one of these movies where, not to sound corny but you can say that the main villain is just growing and evolving as a person. Struggling to find your place in the world. The pop hip hop soundtrack didn't blow me away but I don't think that's the intention. It elevates what Miles is feeling a lot of the time and it never overstays its welcome.

Yeah man... the colours in this film are brilliant. It's like if you took Thor Ragnarok and multiplied it by a thousand billion million trillion. For a movie set in New York which I can say from experience does not have a lot of colours this movie really makes you feel immersed in a kaleidoscope of colourful mess. But not mess in a bad way, mess in a way that's so comforting.

This movie also made me cry, it's the second to ever do that. Just wanted to mention that.

If a superhero movie is like a grilled cheese sandwich this is like if you threw that sandwich out the window, made a 20-course meal using every atom from that grilled cheese in a way that nobody has ever thought of before. For a movie that feels so much like a comic book superhero movie, it's somehow so incredibly refreshing and brilliant. Can't wait for the sequel and can't wait to see my crush Gwen in the next movie. Please for the love of god watch this movie. WATCH THIS!!!"
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is an ambitious film. Sony's last few attempts with the character of Spider-Man have been underwhelming to say the least. I haven't seen a good Sony owned Spider-Man movie since 2004's Spider-Man 2. Luckily, Spider-Man: Homecoming turned out to be a pretty good film, but that was mainly Disney and Marvel Studios, so I still had low expectations. However, I am happy to say that Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is an awesome Spider-Man film, and an amazing film overall. Instead of following Peter Parker like every other Spider-Man film out there, this film instead tells the story of Miles Morales and how he handles being Spider-Man. This is a bit different, however, because instead of skipping the learning and the suit making, we see his struggles firsthand. Miles makes a promise to his world's original Spider-Man that he would put a stop to Kingpin, but he has no idea how to control his powers, so he has a hard time. Luckily, Kingpin's fancy collider machine happens to bring in some other Spider-Man, as well, so that Miles can get the help that he needs. The best part about this film is the way the characters are handled. The writers understand the character of Spider-Man, no matter what dimension he/she is from. They all have different personalities and art styles that make them stand out from each other. They did such a great job that I now want to see spin-off films for all of the Spider-Men in this movie. Into the Spider-Verse is a lighthearted film, and is able to mix seriousness with comedy for the perfect effect. From the comedy aspect, the film, as I said before, understands Spider-Man. He is a funny character and knows how to stay calm in any situation. He cracks goofy jokes and says witty one-liners. With this movie, the different personalities of the different Spider-Men mixing together brings the comedy. On the other hand, the serious family issues bring some conflict to different characters, but in order to keep this spoiler free, I will not go in depth. There is one issue I have with the film, but it isn't too big. Okay, the character is too big, but the issue is not. Kingpin, I feel, needed more characterization in order for me to think of him as a good villain. We learned some things about his family, but that was really it. He was a just a large man who wanted to conduct an evil plot. I can look past this, however, because the movie wasn't really focused on Kingpin. It was more focused on the Spider-Men, and most importantly, Miles Morales. Since this was done so well, I can forgive the film the Kingpin issue. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse was a film that was much needed on Sony's part, because it shows that they still have good things they can do with the character. Animation, I feel, is the best format for Spider-Man, but that might be because I grew up watching the Spider-Man animated series. Overall, this is an awesome film, and definitely deserves a watch. If you are a Spider-Man fan, I believe you will truly adore this movie as much as I did. If you are a heavy critic who doesn't know much about the character of Spider-Man, I think you will enjoy this movie too. If you just like movies in general, go out and see this movie. It's worth it."
"Stan Lee cameo, Ahhh. That moment was perfect. Coudln't gulp down on that moment. Jokes were fine and quite understandable. The tempo never gets low.

There is a phrase ""like a comic book"". The movie definitely deserves that tag. The comic boxes was another cool part of it.They succeed to scene character variety. At the last scene the whole hall howled by my laugh."
"This movie was truly amazing, the art style worked out beautifully, the story was super meta, serious, funny and witty at moments. The twists were really good, I didn't expect it for some others they may have because it's a ""super-hero movie"". The character development worked out great, surprisingly. Highly recommend watching it."
"This was an epic movie, with great animation and a well written story. My son is nine and he said it's his new favorite movie. I dont know how anyone could give this less than 10 stars."
"First, this movie is fantastic! I would dare say that ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is perfect. There were no dull moments whatsoever.

Second, the animation is breathtakingly gorgeous.

Third, the twists, story, characters and direction were all flawless.

Lastly, this movie is better than ""Incredibles 2"" and ""Ralph Breaks the Internet"" which is why it would be a crime against filmmaking if it loses to either one of those two for the Academy Awards' Best Animated Feature!

EDIT: (FEB 25, 2019)

IT DESERVEDLY WON!"
"The animation is gorgeous, and the storyline is much more engrossing and heartfelt than I expected"
One of the best Marvel movies I have seen in a long time! Worth the watch and felt like I was in the comic. Great graphics and shout out to all the animators that worked on this film. The script was pretty awesome as well! :)
"Arguably the best Spider-Man movie ever released, in any format. Yes, it's that good!"
"There have been so many spiderman films, each of which was cut off from a sequel and rebooted over and over. However, this could alone stand out to be a much better spiderman film in comparison to them all. Into the spiderverse takes you on a sci-fi adventure of multiverse, a spiderman film we have all been waiting for.

The animation alone stands out to be the best feature about this film. This new style of comic book animation is top notch and a must watch especially for comic book lovers. The efforts taken in creating and rendering this film was worth it. The film is innundated with so much of high quality design, byzantine animation, one can't take their eyes off the screen and even afford to miss a scene.

Even though it has a small run time to it, as most animated films do, this film offers a good character development and good storyline which is unpredictable at times making you shout out ""wow"" especially if you are a spiderman geek.

There is an adequate amount of humor. The humor is not forced at all, it has good one liners that makes you enjoy the film from the very beginning. Into the spiderverse is a fun, fresh take on the spiderman story filled with excellent quality content, brilliant animation, lots of humor and exciting action sequences."
"This mean that the story is original and It is created with a new project. Congratulacions, with an Excellent new project."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a masterpiece. It is by far the best Spider-Man movie today. It's such a refreshing and creative take on a Spider-Man movie while at the same time doing something completely different and incredibly creative with him and very fascinating. The animation in this movie is beyond amazing, and it was so cool and interesting to see the way this movie was animated. That is really the highlight of this movie. Especially adding on to the fact that all the acting is fantastic, the dialogue is wonderful and rich, the characters are awesome and funny, and the story is fantastic and fresh. This by far is the best movie of the year, which is shocking and so unexpected. This beautifully paced, action packed, heart filled movie is the one you must see in the theater this Christmas. Also cause it did manage to be the best Spider-Man movie and Marvel movie today, how mind blowing! Not only that, the people who made this have proven they truly have an understanding to the character of Spider-Man."
"I didn't see this coming, I thought I couldn't enjoy another superhero movie after seeing dozens of marvel super heroes and two or three series spider movies. But I got blown away by how amazing this spider-verse is, the visual effect, the comic-book like pop graphic, Stand Lee cameo, everything about this film just refreshing. The journey that Miles took to become a true super-hero, leap of faith, still give me goosebumps when I think about it. I think this is film need to been seen to be believe how great it is. Go watch it, you will definitely enjoy it."
"Spider-Man movies have been really good. The ones helmed by Sam Raimi were particularly impressive, as those films focused on the idea of the boy beneath the mask, Peter Parker. The ""Amazing Spider-Man"" movies seemed lazy and hence 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse', being an animation tale, seems to be a risk.

But let me tell you, 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is nothing less than Blockbuster Entertainment! Yes, this is the Ideal Christmas film, that is high on action, emotion and comedy. And of course...soul! I don't remember having so much fun at a Superhero film since Black Panther!

'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' Synopsis: Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his reality and crosses paths with his counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat to all reality.

'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is a joyride from the word go. Miles is an interesting protagonist with his own demons and powers that he comes to realize, but this film brims in Magic and brings in too many Spidey's from other dimensions to offer us a blockbuster in its truest sense. I won't give away much spoilers, but this is a film, that deserves to be viewed with your entire family. Its got the bite!

Phil Lord & Rodney Rothman's Screenplay is superb all through. Running high on energy while also focusing on soul and substance, this Animation film never runs out of breath. While the action is simply amazing, the emotional connect among its primary characters is what really stands out. Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, and Rodney Rothman's Direction is excellent, as the animation gets enough scope to leave your eyes fun-filled. A special mention for Daniel Pemberton's Score and Robert Fisher Jr.'s Editing.

The Vocal Performances are top-notch all across the board. Shameik Moore as Miles Morales / Spider-Man hits all the right notes, giving us a hero who must explore his own voice. Jake Johnson as Peter B. Parker / Spider-Man is absolutely fantastic. Nicolas Cage as Peter Parker / Spider-Man Noir does a remarkable job and seems to be having a ball. Kathryn Hahn as Olivia ""Liv"" Octavius / Doctor Octopus and Liev Schreiber as Wilson Fisk / The Kingpin, voice the menaces to perfection.

On the whole, 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is a winner all the way. It's a blockbuster that has heart and soul. What else could you ask for?"
"Kids (ages 5, 8, 11) wanted to go see this one so I finally took them. I didn't expect much but this one blew me away. It would be really hard for me to rank this ahead of Infinity War or Thor Ragnorak but it's in the conversation. My kids even clapped when it was over and I gladly joined in. The story is great and the animation and music are incredible."
"This was an amazing thrilling adventure and definitely the best Spider-Man movie up there with Spider-Man 2 and Homecoming. The movie just seemed to do everything right for me and I can't think of any flaws or really anything I have wrong with it, it's practically a flawless Spider-Man movie and the best comic book film of the year alongside Infinity War and also the best animated movie of the year and one of the best of the decade.

All the characters were very refreshing and a much needed change from previous comic book films and the humour and storytelling in it was just so fresh and entertaining. It was fun, creative, original and also very funny. I thought it was groundbreaking and is my favourite film of the year"
"Everything about this is just spectacular.brilliant story,dialog,graphics and the style they are presented to you are comic book perfect. laugh out loud funny and touching serious side,so was beautiful balanced. This,Avengers and Aquaman are the best three blockbusters of the year."
"This is one of the most ambitious movies ever created and it's one of the best animated films ever made.

This movie is so vibrant, it feels like you are flipping through a comic book + the pages just leap right off. Everything in this was brilliant from the script, the colors, the casting, music and overall feel. I really love the inclusion of so many different ""spider-people"" you have Miles Morales, Peter Parker, Gwen Stacy, Spider-Man Noir, Peni Parker, and even Spider-Ham. It just made the movie even that more fun.

You don't need to watch any Spider-Man movies prior to seeing this, but if you have (or read the comics) it is loaded with cameo's and easter eggs. While this movie can look flashy and have a whole lot pumped into it, this is simply Miles' story, his journey, and a joy to watch.... Stan Lee also has the perfect send-off cameo (that I may have shed a tear at).

oh, and also stay to the end of the credits for this one. it's pretty great."
"***(Spoilers Ahead)***

Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse is so much better than anyone expected it to be: it's the kind of film people don't realize they want so badly, and when it comes, it's a breath of fresh creative air. This film's the best kind of crazy: alternate dimensions, cartoony-drama (family issues and dying mentors) mixed with humour (cartoon pigs, film-noir cliches and Japanese mechas), culturally remixing Spider-Man into a living and breathing idea; anyone can be him, and what makes them different defines their own Spider-Man.

Spider-Man is still one of my all-time favourite characters: he's tied with Batman and Superman as far as I'm concerned, and it was high time that Spider-Man got his own theatrically released animated feature. Spider-Verse honours the character and then some with its wholly unique animation style, its star-studded voice-actors and the whole thing feeling like the sort of thing Stan Lee would have wanted to see on the big screen. Stan unfortunately passed away before the film's release, so hopefully he got to see an early screener copy of the film. Who knows? It sucks that he's gone now; but his creations (his brain children) live on through the endless stream that is modern pop-culture. This movie's definitely a zeitgeist piece for Spider-Man: a self-aware love-letter to a character whom both comic and non-comic fans know and love openly.

This film delves into the origin story of Miles Morales: and how he became Spider-Man after Peter Parker is killed by Wilson Fisk (The Kingpin). We see Miles' dilemma of being himself play throughout the movie, and when the Spider-Men from the multiverse come into his reality, they help overcome his deep-inhibitions. This movie doesn't gloss over the dramatic stuff easily (Kingpin's family die in a car-crash) and it somehow manages to balance out the humour with the serious stuff ridiculously well (Spider-Ham and Spider-Gwen compliment the comedy-drama duality of the film). Spider-Verse is the comic book movie people have wanted since Frank Miller's Sin City: it's got that same to-the-T comic-book styling to it; and I don't say that lightly at all. It's something amazing to behold on the big screen.

If only animated cinema in general could acknowledge that it's okay to be as aesthetically liberal with animation as people can (and do) go with live-action cinema through endless variations of stories, genres, styles and motifs. I think movies like Spider-Verse show that Disney's animated fairy-tales (while still being very enjoyable) don't represent what animation CAN be like Japanese animation does, but films like Into The Spider-Verse represent what animation inevitably WILL be: a varied landscape as diversified as any medium in life can possibly get. The 2010s have been a rather progressive time for American animation and I'm more than happy to see Hollywood tackle things outside the 'Disney fairy-tale comfort zone'.

I loved every second of this movie and I'm stoked for the sequels and spin-offs! This movie was a SUPER-BLAST!

P.S. Stan Lee, Steve Ditko: you both made the world a happier place to be thanks to your genius creation."
"I'm going to review this movie first, for those people who aren't psychotic about Spidey or comics. There is enough humor, action, dazzling visuals, drama, and most importantly... H E A R T in this film for FOUR MOVIES. If you like any of the aforementioned characteristics, you should go see this movie on the largest screen possible. Now, for my fellow fans of the wise cracking wall crawler....this was a dream come true!!! All the character variations....all the classic villains....a nod to the TV shows, a nod to the previous films, a very touching dedication to @therealstanlee and Steve Ditko, all while telling an original story that was an absolute BLAST to watch. I LOVED THIS MOVIE IN EVERY WAY! 10 out of 10."
"This year First Mowgli announcement and this movie's announcement made me skeptical and I felt Meh..!! But boy it is not on;y proved me wrong but I felt the entire movie. They this story is narrated without being a drag with the origin story, couldn't think anything more. Not only me I bet whoever watched this movie with feel. No wonder Spider-Man was Stan Lee's favorite. Love you Stan Lee... Excelsior."
"Absolutely spot on. Respects the history of the characters and story, but has a totally new fresh look. Visually amazing, its hard to absorb EVERYTHING that is going on on screen. I did have to go,out and make sure I wasnt in the 3D theater; some of the background items have a double outline that gave the impression of a 3D projection. I found out this was a production choice and I was in the right place. I think the way to tell a perfect melding of voice acting and production is when you look at the character onscreen and think ""Wow, they're really giving a great performance"" then realize, it's a cartoon, not a person in n the screen. You've been drawn in...they did their jobs well. Nice tributes to Ditko and Lee can be seen."
Finally an animation with suspense and drama. With the other animation that came out this year I didn't have high hopes for this but to my surprise this roller-coaster of a story was amazing. The animation was spot on everything looked great. Very well picked voice actors. I'm looking forward to see where they take this next.
"It's amazing!! Go watch it now!

Honestly, it's one of the best movies I have watched this year. It has one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. It's just this good. It has great character, a simple but very compelling and interesting story and it's just a really good time. Miles was great. I loved his insecurities. It's a weird thing to say but the character feels very relatable and real. You feel his struggles and the pressure that he has to face in his life, with his parents, him releasing that his uncle is working for KingPin, living up to Peter Parker and Gwen and all the other spider people's expectations. You real feel for him. As for Peter Parker, I didn't like that they killed off Peter Parker from this universe at the start of the movie and then another version of Peter just comes up immediately after that. It kinda ruins the death and sadness a little. I would have liked it more if they had a couple more scene or maybe a one day jump before introducing the new spider man. But that's just me. After the Peter J. Parker, was introduced everything just kicked in from there. The whole sequence with Peter and Miles breaking in and out of that lab was wonderfully entertaining and Gwen's entrance couldn't be better. The other spider people introduced later were less useful aside from looking cool and having some memorable moments.

Have I talked about the animation yet? it's freaking amazing and watching this actually inspired me to work on some of my art projects that I have been putting off. From the details of the sky scrapers to the reflections and the whole climatic battle scene at the end is just beautifully done and just really really good and satisfying to look at.

Overall, the plot, the characters, the animation and the Stan Lee (oh, yes that was good too. Rest in peace Stan Lee, the line he delivered was also really funny and emotional as well) were just spectacular and amazing (see what I did there) and I definitely recommend this movie, even if you're not a Spiderman fan, watch it please. We need a sequel to for this movie. My hope on Sony has been restored."
"I give Sony a 10 for probably the most ambitious film to date of just the art being a comic book. The movie is also very impactful of the drama (watch out Disney Sony is coming) what I liked about this movie is for the cultures of different people in this movie (Go Hispanics/african Americans and Japanese people). The different Spiderman/women even thought I know who they were but it was fun to see them in a short easy version of explaining their backstory in a very short time. The drama which is awesome ,which beats all the Spiderman movies on drama. This One is the king of Spiderman movies aside the Tobey Maguire trilogy and Andrew Garfield movies. This is by far the most ambitious to make the different art styles for each character and how they show New York in this version. P.S DO ANOTHER ONE with the same charisma and love that has a very meaning full way of spiderman"
"This was a homerun for Sony and well planned for a theatrical release. This is most definitely a great Spider-man movie and it has all the right elements. Well balanced in all regards, humorous, great plot, great cast, awesome action scenes and great character development. I was glued to to screen and absolutely loved every minute of it!"
This film is way better than all spiderman films upto date...the comic look given and everything about the movie was spectacular...recommend it strongly favourite movie of 2018
"Man I'm shocked to like this movie as much as I did. I never would have guessed it would have been one of my favourites of 2018. I expected the usual standard Superhero CGI Animated movie, but looking at the credits now and noticing people behind The Lego Movie wrote and produced it, it all started to make sense.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse could very well be the best Spider-Man movie ever! The animation was very stylish with mix of CGI and Comic-Book style art. This is a movie that did not take itself seriously at all, and with many different universes of Spider-Men it just went crazy and gave us a real packed 2 hours of entertainment. The use of music was decent, there was alot of heart to it, surprises, good gags, and it all felt fresh and interesting to the series.

Overall, a real standout for Sony Pictures Animation and a very high bar set for Animated Superhero movies, giving other Animated movies a run for their money.

8.5/10"
"Please go watch this movie please even if you seen it already or saw it already see it again see with your brother your sister mother father family brother, cousins, uncles, aunts, Grandma buy your ticket go this film will not disappoint you I 100% guarantee that . I loved it non said. I think they (Sony) saved the best for last. And for being animated and a PG film, This film is x100 better than homecrap. And this film is a game changer for cinema. The voice actors are spot on, and the critics are right, THE FILM IS THAT DAMN GOOD. 10/10 best animated film I ever seen. The #1 film of 2018. I thought Infinity War was #1, but it all changed when I saw this film. 10/10 best animated film I ever seen. This film is a classic already."
"Best animation movie to date. Simple as that! Unbelievable style, originality & a good story to boot. Blown away by it."
"Out of every Spider-Man movie I've seen, this movie is the most satisfying Spider-Man film I've ever watched. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse not only tells the story about Miles Morales becoming Spider-Man, but a machine that has the ability to open the multiverse that holds many Spider-People such as Spider-Gwen, Noir Spider-Man, Spider-Pig, etc.

While the story is both great and fun, the film also has heart added to the film which is great because you really get attach to the character especially Miles who I really feel for throughout the movie. The animation is really like a comic book is coming to life, not only does the animation helps the action sequence looks so awesome, but each Spider-Character has their own animation style that looks good.

With Sony co-owning the Spider-Man rights, along with the MCU, I can see the possibility of this movie having a sequel, they don't need to retell the same story of Peter Parker becoming Spider-Man many times, they can open up the world that is full of Spider-People such as Spider-Man 2099, Scarlet Spider-Man, Cosmic Spider-Man, Spider Carnage, and more."
"Incredible groundbreaking animation, terrific world building and great character development. Into the spider - verse is a must see."
"So, I hesitate to say that this is the best movie I have ever seen, for several reasons, but I want people to take this review seriously, so I will just say it is every bit as good as any movie I have ever seen.

I had high expectations for this movie, I love animated movies, I LOVE Spider-Man, and Jake Johnson is fantastic, and yet this movie still blew me away. The best thing I can say about this movie is that I had a smile on my face from start to finish. It was moving, relatable, funny, and the animation style may completely change the game for the entire genre.

Add in the top-notch voice acting (Chris Pine, AWESOME). I loved it, I really did. I hope you will too."
"Easily one of the best Spider-Man, and superhero, movies that I've ever seen."
"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse makes you aware pretty early on you're in for something special. The curious project long in development unsure of where it sits in Spider-Man canon makes it known that it is the Spider-Man canon.

It's a love letter to every single piece of Spider-Man you know and love and even the stuff you might not. The movies, the cartoons, the comics, the character, the icon. If you want a definitive Spider-Man, I think you're looking at it.

Into The Spider-Verse oozes so much style from it you can't help but be sucked into its universe. The animation is slick and gorgeous and perfectly on form here, translating Spider-Man to the big screen like you've never seen before. It's beautiful and it's technically impressive, playing with all sorts of styles (helped by the diverse supporting characters) but never losing sight of its spirit.

There's never been a more true comic adaptation. Watchmen is so far back in the mind alongside every other comic book movie here, Spider-Verse uses so many techniques in it you just feel everything you expect Spider-Man to actually be. It's like if Deadpool had those yellow boxes, or if Fantastic Four had a good movie.

You feel so much love for Spider-Man in the making of this film, full of everything for the hardcore fan to the most casual movie-goer. Whatever your working knowledge of Spider-Man, you're going to be impressed.

The actual story and characters haven't even been touched in this review so far and that's because Into The Spider-Verse gets the groundwork just so right of course everything falls into place. It subverts expectations, it gives you the exact payoffs you want, it has such smart humour and touching emotion. It's everything great about every Spider-Man piece of fiction and almost none of the flaws.

Into The Spider-Verse surpasses even the likes of Spider-Man 2 here. It's not hammy (beyond Spider-Ham), it's not cheesy, it's not full of bad CG, it's not got soap-Opera antics that don't land, it's not set outside New York, it's none of those things.

Spider-Man is reinvented alongside all the references of his reinvention. It gives us an origin story that doesn't suck, because it knows you know all of that. Several times over. It knows how smart the audience is. It knows we know the stories. The beats. So instead it gives us a show. It gives everything slightly different to what you know and expect, but leaves you happy with how familiar things are.

The entire cast and crew have truly made something special. The writing, the directing, the animating, the acting, the soundtrack, everything. It shows the work that has gone into it. It stands apart from most of the other animated movies of recent years. It makes yet another good case for animation needing more of that mainstream blockbuster highlight. This is better than pretty much most of the superhero movies that have been made to date.

Life has been breathed into Spider-Man yet again. And it's not necessarily gone bigger and better. It's human. It's funny. It's down to earth. It takes us on the journey Miles Morales is being taken on. Things get weird. Things get fun. An all star voice cast's praises can't be sung more. None of the people involved can't be celebrated more.

There's great power given when you get the reins of Spider-Man. And with it comes great responsibility. Or however the saying goes. I'm just glad that I'm in the Spider-Verse were it all goes perfectly with this movie."
You have to admit it that it is one of the best superhero movie ever made or maybe the best.You feel for the characters.Animation is spot on.Maybe it borrows from previous films that we all are familiar with.The movie might have many spiderman but Miles Morales is the hero here.You see and feel the charcater's evolution just like the live action film.The movie has its heart in right place and could well make you emotional.Just watch it.
"I was impressed from the get-go with the trailer, and the movie delivered quite well!

It's beautiful to watch, and the comic book style graphics are simply awesome! With several super-hero movies a year, I know this is the movie I'd remember from this year!

This is a masterpiece with a nice balance with music, graphics, story telling and thrill. Post-credit scene is fun and Stand Lee cameo couldn't melt our hearts more!"
"This movie is probably the best, that Sony ever offered us from the Spidey universe. Super fresh story, incredible animation style, characters that we'll hardly see on the big screen soon, plenty of fun moments and tons of comicbook references.

Absolute joy, especially if you're comicbook nerd. It has already been confirmed that there will be a sequel and honestly, I can not wait.

Go and see for yourself. One hundred percent you'll not be disappointed at the end...the very end."
You must watch this in 3D and in no other format if not you will miss key igediants of art that you miss on a 2D screen. Absolutly amazing art! I was in awe and I wished every 5 min they would pause the movie so I can relish the artistry! This is the way you make a anime movie in 16k! Of course movie theaters can only do 2k and amc has thier digital 4k theater across the country. Eventually theaters will evolve into 8k and life will change. This is a must see but a warning for those with epelypsie syndrome this action adventure can produce flashes and fast moving dizziness so be prepared when you watch this amazing movie.
"I love the animation they put in it, and it's also hilarious"
"On a scale from 0 to 10, this movie deserves a 12. I have never seen an animated movie that mixes together 4 entirely different art style so well. Sony has truly produced a masterpiece. When we talk about comic book movies, we too often think of everything that MARVEL has produced in the past 10 years, but into the spider-verse reveal to us what a comic book movie can be and should be. This is a movie that's special as it is."
"Best animated film I've seen in a long time, maybe ever. The animation wasn't the standout for me. That's been done hundreds of times. They really thought outside the box with this film. It was creative, dramatic, and funny. Way different but in a good way! Fantastic. Go see it!"
"As a huge fan of Spider-Man I went into this movie with high expectations and still got blown out of the water. Could be my favorite movie of all time. The colors, the script, and the perfect voice acting made this a movie I will never forget. Go see this movie."
"This is one of those rare instances where all the creators, the directors, writers, animators, actors, musicians, everyone, are able to put together a film that is both a homage to the rich history of a long established franchise without being subservient to it and also takes it into mind blowing, eye popping, emotion wrenching new directions. The final act alone is worth the price of admission and again one of those very rare instances where 3D is not a gimmick but actually enhances the pleasure of the experience and has meaning to the film."
I really did not expect it to be this good. After watching the trailers I thought that it was going to be another fail by sony but no!!!! This movie blew my mind awayyy. The sountrack and the action scenes blended in so well. I saw it in imax and you can truly feel the bass!!!
"Being one of the greater animated pieces created so far Sony managed to give fans everything they would ever expect to see in a spider-man story. Great storyline, enormous amount of easter eggs and references, outstanding animation and one of the greatest post credit scenes ever to be seen. Overall, this is a piece every selfrespecting marvel fan in general and spider-man fan in particular should watch."
"First of all, I love the animation style in this film. The animation in this film is styled to look like an actual comic book. I think this approach for this kind of film was an excellent choice because we've all seen the usual kind of animation but nothing like this. To tie in with the animation I need to talk about the action scenes in this film. These tie in with the animation because of the way the directors styled the action shots is to look like something in a comic panel. Most people don't know who Miles Morales is and after this film, you'll want to learn more about him because of how they made him so relatable in this film. He acts like a typical teen in this situation compared to other versions of Spider-Man. Other versions kind of just acted like they always knew how to use their powers when Miles struggles with his. Miles isn't the only relatable character film all of them are. The creators of this film did a ""Marvel""ous job at making each character in this film somebody at least one person in the audience can relate to. All of the voice actors did a great job in their respected roles but it would've been nice to have a returning voice to at least one of the Spider-Man. It would've been cool to hear a returning voice even if it was for a few seconds. I have to talk about the humour in this film. It isn't overpowered in this film and I felt like it had just the right amount of humour that will make everybody laugh. They poke fun of things that wouldn't make sense in a real movie and other Spider-Man movies. Not a single moment in this film felt rushed or slowed down every scene felt the right pace for a movie like this. The cinematography in this movie was spectacular. This is probably because of it looking like a comic book and how the lighting needs to match up with how it would look in an actual book. If you are a comic book junkie you'll love all of the easter eggs in this film. Some of them just comic book readers will get but others a majority of people will understand. The music in this film is fantastic. Every song in this film isn't overused and matches perfectly with the age of the character. Somebody Miles age would be listening to the type of music he listens to. And the music without lyrics helps increase the emotion in the film. Also, there are two end credit scenes that are worth waiting for. In the end, this film is perfect for everybody."
"I re-watched this recently and decided to make a review on it. Basically everything in this movie is so good. The writing, the score, the action, the comedy, the characters and most of all, the message. The message of Into The Spider Verse is that anyone can wear the mask. This is heart-warming and only adds to the amazing list of spectacular (2 spidey jokes in one) things to love in the movie. Usually I say in my reviews not to expect an oscar worthy film but this time I think you should. Loved it so much and is in my top 3 favourite Spider-Man movies. Can't wait for the sequel and third one. 10/10. Goodbye, have a great day and thank you for reading. :)"
"This is a short review. Honestly, I doubt anyone will read this, but in the off chance they do. This movie was great in everyway.

1. Action 2. Drama 3. Animation 4. Story 5. Comedy 6. Ties everything together 7. Fun factor

This is a hit. Give it a chance!!! I promise you will be impressed by something in this movie."
"Was that very hard to make a very decent Spider-man movie, Sony?

Spider-man: Into the Spider-verse is directed by Peter Ramsey, Robert Persichetti Jr. and Rodney Rothman, screenplay by Phil Lord and Rodney Rothman, and voices-starring by Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld and Mahershala Ali.

Story by Phil Lord, and it's about Brooklyn teen Miles Morales, and the limitless possibilities of the Spider-Verse, where more than one can wear the mask.

First time I heard about this movie I wasn't that hype about the idea of the movie or the animation. The trailer wasn't so clear about its animation, or the very bold storyline! When I went to see this movie I was blown away by the striking animation and the bold storytelling.. I think it's a very risky step for Sony to take, to make a very unique, new and comic-alike animation, I mean what if the audience didn't like it? It could have been a big disappointing movie, because it has an amazing story, I think this story is definitely the best story of the whole Spiderman movies, also the animation is amazing, it's flawless! When an animation movie brings the live-action movies down, it means that it's definitely unique and bold!!

The story didn't take so long to get you into the main plot, it went with its surprising ""scene"" -I'm not gonna spoil anything in this review- and though it made a very good introduction of the characters, so the first act was very good, shocking and humorous too!

The second act still a very funny and thrilling as the first act, introducing the rest of the characters, so it took more time to get us back to the main plot, and I loved it, because some characters wasn't that clear in the first act that I wanted to know more about, and others that I wanted more of their backstories because I liked them! After introducing the ""rest of the characters"" we get another shocking scene, driving us to another shocking scene.. excuse me if I'm mysterious about some stuff, but I don't want to spoil anything, and still, if you watched the movie, you're gonna understand me very well.

The third act was very predictable though, but still very thrilling because of its amazing animation combined with the amazing action, and emotions... Oh yeah, the third act is completely emotional, and action-full!

There're not any subplots like Fantastic Beasts the Crimes of Grindelwald or something, it's very straight and clear.. very good for kids, and amazing for Spider-man fans and adults as well.

I think that Spider-Man Into the Spider-verse is the Spider-Man that we deserve as fans of Spider-Man and it's definitely the best Spider-Man movie of all the time.! And of course, Spider-Man Into the Spider-verse gets an A+!

Alright, guys.. thank you as always for reading and supporting my work, and if you liked this you can click on my name above and read all of my reviews, lots of movie-reviews are coming ahead.. thanks again!"
"I totally enjoyed Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse in IMAX 3D. It was action-packed, funny, at times emotional, inspiring & completely exhilarating. A TRUE comic-book movie. Great for kids & families. It has also got a great, memorable music. As it's a Spidey movie, there's a lot of action as said before and it's executed very well. Every single Spidey is impressive. It's not only for kids but also for adults who won't mind bringing out the kid within themselves. I myself felt like those days, when I watched animated Spider-Man on television with an action figure in my hand, were back.

In short, it's a must watch action-adventure movie. Plus, there's an interesting post credits scene, so if you want, you can stay. And of course, love and respect for you Stan Lee, may your soul rest in peace."
Loved the original Spiderman and this was the best since. Better than homecoming. ALOT better than black panther. In my top 3 marvel movies. I was in doubt but a few minutes in I knew it was a winner. This is top notch for any marvel fan
"This is the best animated movie I have ever seen and this can easily make it to top 3 spider man movies. The references, the style and the way how every character is shown with certain characteristics of their own dimension is beautiful! Powerful story with perfect amount of humor makes it better.

Must Watch Movie of 2018!"
"Spider-Verse was a great movie that never felt dull. While predictable it was still fun and the animation was a unique making the film look like a moving comic book.Sometimes the animation looked odd and that it was made to be 3D which looked out of place with the rest of the film. Miles was the standout and one of the most relatable Marvel characters so far. Gwen, Peter B Parker and Spider-Man Noir were my favourites.

/- To me this film is a 9"
It's just really good. I can't even describe how amazing it was. Go see it. Now!
"In the midst of all the raving reviews, I almost feel like a fraud giving this film such a high score. However, for me personally, this does what it needs to do and more. Let it be known that I used to watch the Spider-Man cartoon in the 90s nearly every day so yes, I am influenced by nostalgia.

Animation I don't think that a lot of people can deny that this is the most interesting, dynamic and artistic animation which stays true to the original medium yet. When I first saw the comic book text and thought bubbles in the trailer, it kind of put me off a little bit, but it wasn't used throughout the film, only to depict Miles' newly developed awareness. I can see how the neon colours can induce headaches for some, but to me it was perfect. Maybe take an aspirin before going in if you're probe to headaches!

Story There are so many things to love! Granted, I'm not a comic book reader (contemplating to get into that thanks to this though) so all of the stories were fresh to me. I loved that (big spoilers ahead!) Miles' universe's Peter Parker actually dies in the first act. This gives great motivation to an otherwise uninterested Miles, shows the need for a vigilante, stars Miles' dad's character arc, shows the danger that Kingpin poses, allows for aunt May to show her strong side (nice change of pace from the classic worried old lady) among others. Even Kingpin's motivation can be sympathised with. I agree that the other henchmen, who are normally fully fledged bad guys, could get some more backstory though. However, for veterans of the series, the fanservice is gold. (Did anyone else get excited when doctor Olivia revealed her last name?)

All in all I'd say that this is a masterpiece. But does it still the hunger for any other rendition of Spider-Man? No, so -1 point there."
"Miles Morales might just be my favourite Marvel character. This new take switches up so many things but its essence continues the things that we know and love about our hero. Spideykid as my daughter as now named him is just so damn cool. Just go see it and be amazed at the knowing nods and winks to previous movies. Action,humour and a heartfelt cameo from the king of Marvel make this for me one of the greatest achievements in animation for many years."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a free-wheeling, fast-paced, and brilliantly animated addition to one of Marvel's largest film libraries. Although it unfortunately exhausts itself and its authors' ingenuity by lasting at least 20 minutes too long, this fresh take on classic components appears to be a hit with its intended demographic.

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" introduces a smorgasbord of largely humorous new characters. The visual aesthetic of the film combines the anticipated Marvel mix of ""universes"" with animation that appears both computer-driven and hand-drawn. It has futuristic and funky urban characteristics, and it moves the ""camera"" a lot.

Shameik Moore plays Miles Morales, a 13-year-old who first appears in comics in 2011. Miles is bitten by a radioactive spider and turns green overnight, adhering to everything he touches. When Miles meets ""Spider-Man""/ Peter Parker, he learns that he, too, is Spider-Man.

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is the most up-to-date Spider-Man film yet. The animation style allows for more extravagant displays of force and talent than live-action fare would dare to dream. Marvel fans will love the emphasis on the inside-baseball aspects of superheroics. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a film that jumps between multiple universes. The continual surprise, the sheer range of sights, and the plunges into fun-house madness are all advantages.

Sensory overload and overkill are two of the many downsides that are becoming more prevalent. Nothing sticks just as everything should be building to a spectacular conclusion."
"I had my doubts when Sony said they they were making a new cartoon Spider-Man movie, considering their last outing was the Emjoi Movie. The trailer displayed the artwork pretty well, but still I didn't want to get my hopes up. The reviews made it sound like the best Spiderman movie ever. So I went to the movie theater and watched it with my brother. And I was, in short absolutely captivated.

Miles Morales is a teen protege growing up in Brooklyn with a hard nosed cop for a dad, a loving mother and an uncle, Aaron who helps him explore his ambition as a graffiti artist. The problem is the new school he goes to isn't the life he's looking for, and he is doing all he can to get out of it, against his family's wishes.But that all changes when he meets three people: a girl in his class named Gwen Stacy, a 26 year old blonde guy named Peter Parker and a radioactive spider.

Because of a portal opened by Wilson Fisk, the dna of. Spider-Man attracts in alternate Spider-Ma.... i mean Spider-People, dragging them all into Miles' Brooklyn neighborhood. It's up to them, including a middle aged and cynical Peter, Spider-Woman, Spider- pig, and a depressed and grungy Spider-Man Noir, to stop Kingpin from using the portal again to rip a hole in the space time continuum.

But that being said, that doesn't touch a bit on how hilarious, how heart breaking, and how endearing the scenes can be moment by moment. The animation and concept art go hand in hand, and gives the film a high tech, pop art appeal like nothing the world has ever seen at this scale or skill. Words can't describe the way this movie moves and feels like the best comic book ever written.

I can't recommend this enough. Go watch this movie right now and you will not be disappointed But don't watch it if you have epilepsy or anything like that. It gets pretty flashy."
Exactly the comics on the big screen paying homage to all that came before and the creators of a amazing character. Easily the best Spiderman film ever made.
"Where do I begin with this film? I'll keep it brief: Hopefully zero spoilers! Let's start with the visuals - Sony have taken the game forward with this animation! It's breathtaking, beautiful and really is like you're watching a living comic book. It's visually stunning and defines the quality of this film from outset. Even the dots on the screen to represent the comic book style - amazing!

The story is so good and does justice to bring the Miles Morales story to the fore. Mixing the characters from the multiverse is done so well - all lovable given the right amount of screen time respectively.

It's genuinely funny - if no one laughs when you watch it then it's probably the zombie apocalypse - the jokes are heartfelt and honest. That's not to say that this film doesn't have the feels - it does - but used in the right way.

Finally - the music. We all know Post Malone is a genius and this soundtrack is epic - better than Kendrick Lamar's Black Panther - and used so well throughout the film.

This ia a wonderful film that will make you fall in love with or reaffirm your love for Spiderman while at the same time introducing Miles Morales as the future of the Spider-verse.

Stay for both post-credit scenes - worth it. Also look out for Stan Lee's cameo in the film - emotional."
"When I saw the teaser at the end of 2017 after Spider-Man Homecoming came out, I became really interested as did my brother and later this year we saw it on its second weekend. To our surprise, we loved it so much I consider it the number one movie of the year. Even more so than Avengers Infinity War.

Not only does it pay homage to the Spider-Man legacy, but it also respects everything that made it so iconic since the 1960s. The writing from Phil Lord who directed the 21 Jump Street movies, The Lego Movie, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs with Christopher Miller is very good making for some nice humor and really solid emotion and drama and the idea of other spider people coming from other dimensions is done really well. Also the character arc for Miles Morales, a likeable character by the way, is really compelling as he struggles to find who he is.

The music score is atmospheric and beautiful and the song choices don't feel out of place which is very rare. The pacing is really good and there's not even a dull moment. The directing from three directors including Peter Ramsey (who directed DreamWorks Animation's Rise of the Guardians) is superb and the voice acting is entertaining with Shameik Moore Jake Johnson Hailee Steinfeld Mahershala Ali Brian Tyree Henry Lily Tomlin Luna Lauren Velez John Mulaney Nicolas Cage Chris Pine and Leiv Schreiber giving fantastic performances.

And last but not least the action sequences and the animation which is by far the best elements of the movie. The Spider-Men costumes and the Spider-Women costumes are well detailed and the choreography for the action revolving around them are some of the best I've seen in animation history since the Kung Fu Panda franchise. Especially the leap of faith sequence which I'm sure you've all seen from the teaser trailer which was the highlight of the film to me.

Anyway, Spider-Man Into The Spider-Verse is for my perspective the best Spider-Man movie and one of the best animated movies of 2018. A sequel and spinoff is in the works and with that, this receives a LordoftheFuture seal of approval. Go see it!"
I can't remember a movie when the soundtrack was THAT GOOOOD through out the whole film!
Loved this movie.. wasn't expecting it to be this good. Stan Lee is up in the heavens smiling down.
"An innovative alternative spin on the Marvel Universe, implementing a subplot to the great original comics in the form of animated film.

Already deemed a huge success for its primitive features and unique design, the 2018 release centres around New York teenager, Miles Morales, a boy who struggles to keep his personal life separate to his family life. Though his difficulties could only worsen when a spider bite uprises Morales reign as Spiderman, despite early blips, he understands his role in saving the multiverse, alongside some pretty vibrant superheroes.

The feature song is Post Malone's Sunflower which fits complimentary into the summer feel of the film, much like the song, the watch is bouncy and has real fluidity, the animation is no put-off and instead reminds the reader of the original comics where these tales are derived from. Morales is very much a character already in transition, with school, his family, the last thing he needs is to become a superhero, however, he utilises his powers as a catalyst to lead him to understanding the true value of life, and the elements of importance.

Not that 'cool' is an adjective I'd recommend using, but I feel like it utterly sums up the picture, it's very boyish and relates with a teenage boy in Miles' actions as well as the featured music, the scenes of combat contrast to Miles' everyday life, and it transports us as viewers' minds into how life would change if this happened to us, so yeah, pretty, pretty cool.

Overall, the sci-fi action is an illustration of art, direct from the paintbrush of Phil Lord, its release was monumental and we should all look forward to the sequel which will be out in cinemas October 7th."
"For the first time, Sony Pictures Animation could made a movie that pass the stars from all movies of Disney."
"I originally didn't see this movie in theaters because I thought it was just gonna be a boring product-placement. And MAN was I wrong, because this is the best animated movie released this decade (in my opinion of course). Where do I even begin talking about it? Well let's see.

First of all, the obvious. This movie is SO gorgeous-looking. This is easily the best looking animated movie of all time, and the comic panel style with the text boxes and rough look is so perfect it's beyond comprehension. The action is so well choreographed and fluid, its a joy to watch. I also really love how the movie sometimes cuts down to fewer frames per second during the action scenes to show that Miles is more inexperienced, that his movement is rougher. The score and sound design is also basically perfect, and the modern hip-hop songs composed for this movie work so great as character definers.

Of course, good visuals and music isn't enough to grant a movie the title of masterpiece. You need a good story and great pacing too. Fortunately, Into The Spiderverse delivers everything you could want it this area too. The movie takes it's time setting up the characters and their surroundings. it then kicks it self into high gear, and the rest of the movie consists of excellent juggling between action, comedy and emotional scenes. Uncle Aarons and Spidermans deaths are super heartbreaking and both teach Miles a valuable lesson about what he now has to do. The climax is one of my favorite is film history, and the ending is satisfying and rewarding.

The characters in this movie are also fantastic. Miles is such a relatable main character, being constantly surrounded by expectations from his parents, his teachers and his classmates. The only person he can really feel home around is his uncle, which by the way is one of the best twist villains I've seen in an animated movie. The scene when he finally masters his powers is one of the best triumpfant moment I've seen in a long time. The side-characters are also fantastic. Miles's dad and uncle are both very sympathetic characters with real emotions, and the other spider-people are aslo great. Peter B and Gwen both have struggles in their life, and while they help Miles overcome his challenges, he in return helps them realize how to improve their life back in their dimension. This version of aunt May is super badass, while also having the same warmth to her as previous versions. Spiderham, SpiderNoir and Peni all get the perfect amount of screentime, and provide both great comedy and great serious moments. The villains are also fantastic. Kingpin has a great design and understandable motivations, and Doc Oc is joyfully crazy and entertaining. The side-villains are also decently threatening and funny, and they feel like they belong. The voice acting cast for the movie is bacially perfect, each member perfectly understanding his/her character and giving great vocal performances.

Spiderman, more than any other superhero franchise, needs comedy to work, and wouldn't you know, Into The Spiderverse has that in plenty. The characters all interact so beautifully comedic at times, and there is some great physical comedy in there as well. Oh, and the post-credit scene is actually the funniest scene I've seen my entire life (save for maybe a few).

Still here reading, huh? This movie is THE textbook example of how to make a good modern animated movie. Everything about it screams creativity and dedication, and I could probably fill 100 pages just talking about every aspect of this movie. If this is Sony's apology letter for The Emoji Movie, then I'll gladly accept it."
This had everything from great art to great story. Nuff Said!
"My only gripe is not enough Mulaney! Every shot in this movie was rendered with a purpose, not a frame wasted. A lot of fun, a lot of emotion."
"This is the best Marvel movie ever and it's animated. By far a masterpiece. I have a feeling Stan Lee is looking down and is very proud of this movie.

I recommend this movie to all ages. It is a must see movie for all spider Man and marvel fans and for those who don't like spider Man and marvel will even like this."
"AWESOOMMMMEMEEEEEEEEeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, i have no words"
I am a sucker for really pretty films with great visuals and this is one of the best in that department. And the story and stuff is great too.
"This movie was outstanding! After seeing The Emoji Movie last year, I had low expectations for any Sony movie coming out. After I found out this movie was coming out, I was nervous. Being a Marvel fan at heart, I didn't like the idea of a Marvel movie being put in the hands of Sony. After watching the trailers, I got more hopeful and decided I would check it out. And boy am I glad I did. This movie is one of my favorite animated movies of all time. Let's start with my favorite part of the movie, the animation. I absolutely loved the idea of an animated movie being told as a comic book. It was so colorful. Sure it was a bit blurry at times (once to the point where my friend thought we went to the 3D version on accident) but it made up for it. The part where the glass breaks from the building was beautiful. And Kingpin's body was hilarious. 10/10 for animation. Next, storyline. It was a pretty good story line, but it could've used a bit more work. The beginning was a bit confusing but I would say I was just about as confused as Miles was. One cliché thing though was that if the rest of the Spider people didn't get back to the universe they would disintegrate. Very funny Marvel, very funny. One thing that was really shocking was how(SPOLIER ALERT!!!!!!!) Aaron was secretly Prowler. That shocked the heck out of me. I liked Kingpin's motivation, but I could point it out a mile away. 8/10 for storyline. Last but not least, characters. I personally really enjoyed the characters. I loved that some of the Spider characters got a chance at the big screen. Miles was my favorite by far. I also enjoyed that they had a different version of Peter Parker. The middle-aged, overweight, divorced side of him. I wished they would do a bit more character development for the other characters though. 9/10 for characters. One last thing. I found it really touching that they did a tribute to Stan Lee and Steve Ditko after the credits. They would be very proud of this movie."
"I was very lucky as my son and I just got to see the movie before it comes out. I was very impressed. The animation work alone was some of the most impressive work I have ever seen. Thencolorations, and fluidity of movement made a comic book come to life as a motion picture. Props to the soundtrack it was great edgy New York hip Hop in places, heck even works St. Elmo's fire in. I was surprised at the excellent humor throughout.

Technically as an older male my knowledge of Spider Man was confined to the classic Peter Parker line. I didn't know of this multiverse. But seeing is believing and it all made sense in the film. I had no idea Spider Ham existed but you will love his parts.

I don't and won't spoil the story line but as you can imagine good vs bad many excellent fight scenes. Dr. OC and Kingpin battle the several spider people. If you like animated movies, Marvel comics, go see this movie FYI stay all the way through the credits for a very funny finale."
If you like the Spider-Man Comics or just Spider-Man in general this movie is for you. It mixes the new spider man (miles morales) and the spider verse together in a very awesome way. And brings some iconic alter Spider-Men from the comics (Spider-Gwen and Spider-Man Noir) it has an amazing story line (emotional at some points) and it never disappoints.
Go watch it! And make sure to watch past the credits (but you already knew that)
"EXTRA WARNING: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS!

This is the best Spider-Man movie yet. No, I'm not exaggerating. Spider-Man 2 is great and I absolutely love Spider-Man: Homecoming. But this film does a better job of bringing the Spider-Man universe to life than those two films (or any of the other Spider-Man films) ever did. Instead of making changes to make the character fit into the mainstream, it embraces all of the goofiness and heart that has been present in the comics for years. This film has more emotion than any Spidey flick has ever had. It has more heart than any film ever has had and it is funnier than any film.

Miles Morales is an absolutely fantastic protagonist and I love the parallels drawn between him and Peter Parker in this film. I found myself rooting for Miles more than I ever did root for Peter Parker in any other film. He never comes off as annoying (as Peter did in all three Raimi films, the two Webb films, and even in Homecoming). He's extremely likable and you just want to see him finally become the hero we all know he can be. Watching him discover his powers at the beginning of the film is really fun and you kinda feel bad for him. He's just fumbling around and it's really awkward for him.

The relationship between him and Peter is extremely heartfelt. Peter doesn't want to help Miles, but Miles wants nothing more than for Peter to help him learn how to become Spider-Man. It's not because Peter is a dick and just doesn't want to help, it's because he's depressed and has lost too much and he just doesn't want to get this young kid involved in his adventures. I kind of teared up when Peter went back to his dimension. I loved seeing their friendship develop, from the moment Miles' universe's version of Peter died.

Kingpin is a great villain and I really felt bad for him when I saw what happened to his family. He doesn't WANT to kill Spider-Man, but he will because Spider-Man is standing in between him and getting his family back. Prowler is also a fantastic villain, even though he really isn't a villain. His relationship with Miles was another great relationship in the film that made me love this so much. I was screaming (inside, obviously) when I saw him trying to kill Miles. He didn't know it was Miles and when he finally realizes, he's killed.

I could go on forever about the relationships in this movie but all you need to know is that every character relationship in this film is extremely well-developed and I loved seeing them all play out. Another standout is the relationship between Miles and his father.

All the other Spider-Men (and women!) are really fun to watch and are another key component in making this movie work. If it wasn't for Spider-Man Noir fiddling with a Rubix cube and Peni Parker having a giant robot spider, this film wouldn't work nearly as well as it does.

I'm running out of time but the last two things I'll say is that the animation is fantastic. I loved how it recreates the look of a comic book. That, and the voice cast does a great job. Also... that post-credits scene was perfect.

Go and see this movie. Seriously. Thank you Sony, for making up for the abomination that was Venom."
"I have to say I was completely blow away by this film. I wasn't sure how I was going to fill about a multiverse spiderman film and when I saw spider pig I thought for sure this move was going to be bad. Boy was I wrong this film had it all visually amazing, fantastic storyline and great soundtrack. This is an absolute must see film."
"I went in skeptical. I left amazed. This movie not only shows a new side to the lovable Peter Parker but also expands upon a less- popular character, Miles Morales. I could go on and on about how good it was but... Just go watch it."
"Hands down, the work behind this movie was incredible and it shows. Oscar worthy and definitely deserved the Golden Globe win. This film is a great Spider-man Film and honestly one of the or possible the best film in the franchise yet. Pacing was great, the voice acting was great and the cinematography was incredible. Nothing but great work and a great review this movie deserves. A must watch animated film and definitely a masterpiece. A 10/10 for perfection."
"I personally not see the appeal in movies like this. However, when I sat down and watched this in theaters, I'd have to say that it's the best movie I've in 2018. For those who haven't see this film, I won't spoil any of the plot points. Getting that out of the way I loved many styles the film portrayed. The films way of creating a layered animation, in which, you can see multiple different versions of the same person or object. It mostly gave off the feel of looking through the eyes of a spider.

I was also happy to see in this film that they didn't keep dragging on the same story, but just using different actors or scenes. No film, like Spider-Man Homecoming, gave a new outlook on Spider-Man. With a diverse cast whom all seemed to voice act perfectly, my favorite being John Mulaney, they didn't just feel like a bland group of individuals. Instead, the film allowed for the audience to really connect with each character. I don't think that the animation ruins it, I also don't think that it would have changed the quality of the film if it wasn't animated.

So, what can a really say? Well, I came into the movie theaters expecting another super-hero movie, but instead, I got to watch a miraculous film that makes me want to become a super-hero fan. It was perfect and amazing."
"The pageantry, the costumes, WOW... what a movie! To start things off, I'd like to say that I'm not the biggest fan of the past Spider-Man movies except for a couple of the originals. So coming into this movie I was not planning on liking it as much as I did, although I was hopeful after hearing about the great reviews it received. To keep this review simple I will not go into much detail in why I think it was so great but rather just state my overall opinions. There were hilarious moments, countless action scenes, a perfect amount of character development, and a phenomenal soundtrack to match today's modern culture. Also, the animation was so different than the standard and it really made you feel like you were watching an animated comic book. I definitely recommend you go see this movie as it's entertaining for people of all ages and will leave you wanting to watch more."
Most avid moviegoers know that in order to find a truely great movie you avoid 2 things ; superhero blockbusters and Nicholas Cage. This movie happens to be excellent whilst falling under both of the above mentioned categories. It had excellent rhythm and manages to speed through the Spidermans' overworked origin story. Don't watch it if you're unable to appreciate the artwork.
"Many charachters presented, many easter eggs (the Sin City ""cameo"" was bomb), killer stories and my personal favourite from the movie - Prowler's theme song. OMG it is awesome! Visually the movie is stunning, it looks like a multidimensional acid trip, it is just amazing."
"Miles Morales(Moore, easy to relate to, more interesting than many others, with his bilingual, biracial background) is a huge fan of Spider-Man, so he's of course ecstatic when he gets a chance to meet him. And then he meets another one, who's kind of jaded. And that's not the last good person he meets who has that set of abilities...

So this is easily the best solo movie featuring the titular character(s). It's just so incredibly well done in almost every single way. The animation doesn't only take countless traits directly from the medium of comic books, it basically puts one on the silver screen, the first time that's truly been done. Music, both the original score and the licenced songs, work astonishingly well, are deeply memorable. It's tremendously funny employing countless different types of comedy... situational, references, wit, sarcasm, sight gags, not to mention its amazing use of subversion of expectation, which also works for the drama. This is tremendously moving. The action is exciting, cool and impactful. It was honestly about time for some diversity for this New York hero - can you believe that in 16 years, 6 live-action entries, 3 continuities, we still didn't have even one non-white lead? And instead of resting on its laurels, it also includes multiple superpowered women, one of whom is Asian.

This is arguably too intense for anyone below the age of 9, and be ready to have a reassuring conversation with any child you show this to as soon as the credits roll(be sure to stay through them for the stinger!). Other than that, there is nothing featured that means it can only be watched by teens or adults. And yet it manages to be very mature. I recommend this to anyone who thinks that there is some chance that they might find the concept appealing. 10/10."
"Even with all the hype I was not prepared for how great this movie was! Not only is it the best Spider-Man movie, but is also one of the best animated and superhero movies I've ever seen! I've never quite seen so much creativity in a movie in regards to the animation and story here. Don't be fooled by the fact that this is an animated movie either, the story is full of heart and emotion and none of the humor is toned down for kids.

If you haven't seen this yet, stop reading this review and go to the theater right now! You won't be dissapointed!"
I don't really have anything to say. Just go and watch this film
"Some pretty dark elements for a PG movie, but overall a thoroughly exciting and enthralling Spider-Man movie that managed to be completely new and original while combining most elements of the first 5 films and several from comics and other media too. Prowler is a real show stealer (which comic fans would never have predicted of this C-list villain) whenever he and his effects and music came on, the entire cinema held their breath and Miles Morales got such a strong showing in this, I'd gladly pay to see another Spider-verse starring him on the big screen! All the villains were REALLY well designed (Dr. Ock is AMAZING...) Kingpin is finally done right! The first outing for Spider-Gwen was sweet and fun too. Cartoony/corny Spider-Ham, Nick Cage (too famous a voice) and VERY graphic bloody murder were the only low points in an otherwise perfect film in almost every way!"
Stunning visuals and an engaging storyline combined to produce something amazing. This movie grips you and leaves you wanting more. I have never seen a movie quite like this before. This movie is simply an incredible masterpiece that has set the bar for animated storytelling.
"Animation was awesome, voice acting was spot on. I loved the story and the character development."
"They say if a fan writes your movie it gonna be trash, mind you this is far from. From the little nod to Raimi's spiderman, to the origin story that was done to death.. this is a true spidey fan movie. Although you may not be familiar with miles morales but you have at least seen the 90's show and this is that but brought to life only the magic of cinema can."
"From start to finish, never a wrong note, never a boring moment, never fail to impress. I hope everyone give this movie a chance, even if you don't usually watch animated movie or superhero movie. It's just that good. If you're a comic book Spiderman fan, then you absolutely have to see this."
"Alright I have litreally never done a review before this. Like no other movie this year excited me enough to make an account on IMDb and write my opinion.

Anyhow..first of all the animation is dope. I love the art style. Its colorful, sketchy, comic book style but like dope.

The best part is story tho. The problem with spiderman is that, its always somehow an origin story and we have dozens of those by now. Aaaand this one is also an origin story, however its not. It is but its told in such a way that you don't feel bored. You wanna know more, you get excited for it.

Honestly I can keep rambling about it..i loved it, everyone i know loved it. Its freaking lovely.

Watch it. And watch it in a cinema. It's worth it.

Have i mentioned that Its awesome.

Oh and the animation is dope. It is."
"I rarely ever make movie, but I had to on this one. I remember seeing the trailer for this and saying ""this lowkey looks bad."" Months go by and I start seeing reviews saying ""Best film of 2018"" This film is amazing"" so on and so on. Then I was like okay, I should go this. I saw yesterday with my film class and I blown away, like I mean blown away. The story was so well written, like certain foreshadowing and elements that came back in the end from the beginning. It was so well done. The relationships between Miles/Uncle Aaron and Miles/His father are super well done. It highlights the complexities of role modeling, which I love. Miles is such an authentic teenager and the way puberty is portrayed is too relatable in this film. Just the overall story was fantastic. The music works super well with the film, which always is something I appreciate. Sometimes, it gave me straight goosebumps for a solid 5 minutes. And let me tell you, the final fight scene!!!!!!! I'm not going to spoil it, but it's something the MCU could never pull off. It's one of the coolest fight scenes I've seen in a long time. Also, not to be political or anything, but this is the only film that I've seen where the friend zone is accepted. It's really a nice refresher of every movie that I have seen that always has the main character fall for the attractive female character. Overall, the entire blew my expectations out of the water. I was not expecting it to be this good.

There are only two things that are stopping me from giving this film a 10/10 is the middle part of the film. It kinda got slow for me but the first act and the third act really made up for it so I'm not really complaining. I also didn't like the Peni Parker character because I just found her annoying in like every scene she was in. However, This film is one of the best superheroes I've ever seen. Miles Morales is officially my favorite spider-man."
"Won't spoil it for anyone, but go and watch this movie! Amazing storyline, get cast, amazing animation! Best Spider-Man movie by far."
"Visually stunning. Flawless in terms of narration. Purveys a strong, powerful message.

I loved noir spider-man (voiced by Cage) and loved how strong and determined spider-gwen was portrayed.

10/10"
For a spider man kids movie it's really really good for what's its going for
"After watching the trailer I had very high expectations from this movie and Sony did not let me down.

The animation is unlike anything else and is absolutely beautiful. Trippy at times, the vivid colors of New York at night while spidey slings through it are mesmerizing.

The movie doesn't follow the same old Spiderman formula and brings the multiverse into the picture.

Characters are relatable, especially a 30 year old divorced Peter Parker. Other Spiderpeople in the movie are also interesting and the movie is full of pop culture references.

This movie has great potential to start an epic Marvel animated universe. *sigh* If only there was no dispute over character rights between studios."
"I knew this would be a good movie but it really blew my mind! The animation is on point, it really has a feel good and comedy perspective. I almost went to watch the next showing it was that good. 10/10 totaly reccomend watching this!"
"I just watch this a few days ago and I wanted to think about how this movie is so good for new and old fans to the spider-man media. The animation, the story, and characters are great. I can't say enough to watch it.

Sony also put a lot of spoiler contain in their trailers but two side villain characters that were not in the trailers I made me surprised was Doc Ock as a female character and Prowler who was revealed to be Miles' uncle who was working with Kingpin and lastly Gwen Stacy's universe and her relationship with the Lizard.

So first off with Doc Ock being called as ""olivia octavius"" or ""Liv"" has a more sinister personality and look than we known and loved throughout the years as a villain for spider-man and a very good change of paste for the film with a lot of characters to balance out. When she appeared in the movie for the first time I thought she was a character that appears only once and doesn't do anything for the plot. However that all changed when she was examining Peter Parker in his late 30's from another dimension. It seems to me that this version of Doc Ock sort of did dated her blond Peter Parker in his late 20's. Anyways she is a great character in the film and I hope she comes more of a full villain in the second movie.

Prowler, I did not expect that twist to happen in a children film to be Miles' uncle that he looked up to his years. That moment when he refuses to kill his nephew on top of Aunt May's house. Then the Kingpin shot Mile's uncle in the back and he told Miles the he failed him as family member, it makes me even sad that Miles' father sees his dead body in the alley and broke down because even though he doesn't make as much money as him. He is still is his brother.

Lastly in Gwen Stacy's universe. She became spider-woman instead of Peter. Just like in the comics, Peter has been too much to the point where he turned into the lizard instead of Curt Conners and she had to kill him. Even though she lied to Miles to wants to help out and get back to her own universe by saying, ""friend."" However that is not the case, either Gwen didn't stop the bullying from happen or didn't noticed. In her expressions throughout the film it is implied that they loved each other and dated before the event when Peter became the lizard in her universe.

There are few things in this movie that sort of hard for viewers to get through is the movie is slow in the beginning because you are look at Miles' story and also jump scares. There is a jump scare when Miles sees the radioactive spider on the ground and it glitched making a loud in the theater. I heard kids screaming and it made me jumped out of my seat.

Anyways, it is recommended to say through the end of this film because Miguel from Spider-man 2099 universe comes in the post credit scene as he talks to his AI as he goes into another dimension and he went into the pointing spider-man meme."
This movie is hands down the best animated movie of the year. It's visually stunning and abosolutely gorgeous. Please go see this movie you will not regret it.
The movie combined all the possible anime and comic elements that you can ever think of and perfectly mixed them together. It feels like you are ridding a rollercoaster with all the characters in the movie. The concept of multi-universe wasn't new but how Sony presented it is absolutely A-mazing.
The best spider-man film there ever was and possibly will be for decades to come. Only downside is there is no PIZZA TIME
"My expectations were pretty high, I knew this film was gonna be good, but not THIS good. I mean I could give this film a 10 on animation alone. Its bright colors, fluid movements almost like a music video, and those comic book text boxes across the screen were a brilliant artistic choice. I realize that with movies like this the more obvious aspects like amazing action and visuals can make me not even think about the amazing character relationships and dialogue. The triangle between Miles, Jefferson an his uncle(sorry I forget lol) felt very realistic and grounded. Miles had a specific soft spot for his uncle, which was explored early on in the film. I really enjoyed how Jefferson wasn't a hardass annoying dad, and he wasn't a softie. He was just a guy, that wasn't 100% sure how to reach out to miles, but that didn't matter because he was doing his best. Also the talent from the amazing voice acting cast was undeniable. As a huge big mouth fan I kept finding myself laughing at John Mulaney as Peter porker. Not to mention they got Nicholas cage, who felt very natural for Spider noir. Who doesn't love that guy. I was pretty happy to see the concept of the multiverse explored in this movie, and I loved the brief, but still unique and interesting takes on each of the characters universe. I would love to see a solo movie for one of these characters, but I feel like thats a bit of stretch. I also want to talk about the most grabbing and probably the best aspect fo this film, the incredible visuals. I have always been a fan of animated films and TV, because with animation, there is not creative limit. Those limits, or lack there of is clearly on display for a majority of this film. Some of the shots and scenes (Especially the final act) just look like they would be incredibly difficult and/or expensive to film in live action. Not impossible though of course because we all saw ""Avengers: Infinity War."" Any-who I was constantly looking up at the screen in awe as I watched these beautifully animated and well developed swinging around the screen. I really enjoyed watching miles grow from not knowing what he was doing at all do understanding and really feeling his powers, with the help of Peter Parker. Speaking of Peter and Miles, I love the kind of relationship they shared, almost comparable to a really cool teacher and a student who desperately anted to learn everything. Overall this film had Excellent characters and character building, stunning visuals, beautiful animation, amazing cast, and an amazing script with dialogue that felt like a real conversation, and at times, very very funny. Point is go watch this movie ASAP it truly is a spectacular, colorful, work of art."
"Sony Pictures Animation has had its ups and downs. It had critical and financial success with Hotel Transylvania but stooped as low as the Emoji Movie in 2017. However, they bounced back the following year with Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, which is undoubtedly their best movie, and one of the best animated movies of the decade. While Sony has made 5 Spider-Man movies since 2002 (not counting the Venom spin-off), this is the first one to not focus on Peter Parker, but rather on Miles Morales. Miles is hesitant to take on the superhero life due to his school life and his cop father's disapproval of Spider-Man in general but is encouraged after witnessing the death of Peter Parker. While that sounds like a major spoiler, it happens 20 minutes into the movie. He spends the movie learning what it means to be Spider-Man, and how much harder it is than it seems. Miles' arc is handled very well, and he develops well from not wanting to have his powers at all to embracing his new role as Spider-Man.

There are a whole host of Spider-People, as one may infer. There's Miles Morales, Peter B. Parker, Gwen Stacy (Spider-Woman), Spider-Man Noir, Peni Parker, and Spider-Ham. Peter B. Parker is the middle-aged, washed up Spider-Man, who serves as a mentor for Miles. Gwen Stacy appears as Spider-Woman, who meets Miles early on and is the first to join him and Peter. Spider-Man Noir, Peni Parker, and Spider-Ham are mostly comic relief, but they're great at that. There are a whole host of villains, but they mostly aren't that notable. The main villain is Kingpin, whose motives aren't interesting. It's the same thing as Kaecilius from Doctor Strange in 2016. Prowler is actually a very interesting character, and the twist involving him was done very well. Doc Ock (who in this universe is Olivia Octavius) was a fine side-villain. The others (Green Goblin, Tombstone, Scorpion) don't really do much, but they awesome to watch, given the animation. If there's one thing to complain about with the characters, it's that Spider-Man 2099 doesn't have a role in the main film. But the existing cast of Spider-People are great characters, and it's great to get a proper Miles Morales movie.

The animation is absolutely spectacular. This is the closest thing we've ever gotten to a comic book movie in its truest form, meaning that the animation looks like it came right off the pages of a comic. There is nothing like this. From the character designs, to the beautiful flow of animation (especially in the fight scenes, which are mind-blowing), and above all, the text and onomatopoeias that appear on screen. It's one of those movies that's worth seeing in 3D. There is definitely a part of the animation that shows its setting. The soundtrack, which features a lot of rap music throughout fits in well with the visuals. Another great thing about this is how Noir, Peni, and Spider-Ham fit in, despite being done in their own distinctive style of animation. With Peni, for instance, she's an anime character, and the way she's animated follows a distinct anime style, but she never feels out of place. Same goes for Spider-Ham being like a Looney Tunes character. The movie is also well written, and has some excellent moments of humor, but knows when to take itself seriously. When it's funny, it's really funny.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is without a doubt the best Spider-Man movie ever made. As much as I have nostalgia for the Raimi trilogy, I must admit it's been bested. In addition, Spider-Verse is the best superhero of 2018, and one of the best superhero movies of all time. This is an absolute must watch for any fans of Spider-Man, Marvel, or comics in general. It's also worth noting that the movie ends with a touching tribute to Stan Lee, as this is the first Marvel movie since his passing. It's great to see him and Steve Ditko honored at the end."
"This must be the most impressive animation for me this year and the whole movie is beyond my imagination!

Sony and Columbia really have done a great job, the music, the scenes and the spot are really excellent. As a crazy comics fan (both Japanese comics and American comics), the expression of this movie undoubtedly wins my heart. At first I was a little worried about the fusion of 3-D and 2-D and lower frames, the finished movie completely removes my worry, even I prefer this form than common animation! At the beginning of the movie, I was not into the mood of it and felt kind of strange. Then getting used to it, I felt like I was in a huge comic book. Every scene's just so fascinating, like a page of a comic book. Of course if you are more used to reality TV shows and movies, you may not like this expression XD.

The fusion of comics in this movie, to a certain extent, is a supplement for limitation of 3-D animation. It is hard to directly (visually) show the inner side of a scene in a pure 3-D animation. The word it posts, the switching color it shows, extremely enhance the sense in that scene, such as the shot part. I think Disney's 3-D animation is more and more pursuing the sense of reality, and it is sophisticated to copy the sense of exaggeration, which is easily conveyed in a 2-D animation movie. Hope that more companies can consider more innovative expression of animation, instead of making orthodox animations all the time.

Back to the movie itself, under excellent background music, the narrative, the pace, the characters and emotional expressions are great, better than some superhero movies. The main topic is absolutely ""Expectations"", and the whole movie clings close to it. Miles yearns for Spider-Man and shoulders expectations from his mates. Conflicts between father and son, Peter and MJ are solved in the end. The description of growing, friendship, family and love is very touching, thanks to excellent music and pace-controlling.

Somehow I perceive kind of shadow of Japanese animation, don't know it is my illusion or because of Peni Parker XD. I think Sony is suitable for this kind of movies.

As defects, maybe this kind of expression is not suitable for some audiences. Such as dizziness in the background, I'm fascinated by this unique style personally, but I find some people think it makes them dizzy. And the plot in the middle part is kind of disfluent and averaged.

And, hardly count it as a defect, the final fight is so so so gorgeous and extraordinary! I was completely captured by the switching color in the background and could not focus on the fight! (My bad!!)

In general, I really adore this movie and hope you all guys can watch it!"
Waited so long since the first trailer over a year ago and was not dissappointed!
"Dude!!! this is what all animation should be like honestly. didn't feel toned down or brushed up, just felt like art. the most beautiful movie I have seen literally ever, pretty much every frame is a work of art in its own, I mean like duuuuude, amazing. amazing!! felt like it was full of real, raw, unrefined art. felt like the concept art from all those disney movies that gets completely changed up in the end. don't know what else to say, just good!! need more stuff like this in the world."
I went in to this movie excited to see it but I was prepared for it not to be very good! Luckily I did not have to worry as this movie was incredible and one of the best movies I've seen! The animations where incredible and all the actors perfectly portrayed their characters. Jokes where used very well with not a single one falling flat or feeling out of place and when the movie needed to get darker or more serious it did it perfectly and never felt out of place. I left the cinema feeling much different to how I did coming in which showed the movies message of anyone being able to be Spiderman really hit me and taught the audience the right thing!
"WOW. I saw this movie on Christmas Eve, and it was like an early Christmas present for me. Where do I start? When Incredibles 2 came out, I thought, ""No other animated film could be better than this this year."" And I was right. For about 6 months. The visuals, my guy! I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me! It's better than any film Pixar has produced (with the exception of Coco). The story is great. Hey, it's from Phil Lord, one of the directors of The LEGO Movie, another visually stunning film. The voice acting and music are both phenomenal, and I have to give a truckload of credit to Shameik Moore for his performance as Miles Morales. This movie just proves that anyone can wear the mask."
"In a land where every movie feels like it's trying to be Ironman, and all of the major studios are trying to play catch-up to marvel, leave it to a collaborative production between marvel and Sony to make one of the most fun and unique feeling blockbusters in recent memory

The story is a slightly altered but true to form adaptation of the Miles Morales origin story from the comics, prividng the same complexity and themes in his successful debut. The supporting cast perfectly intertwines the usual familiar faces with the additional characters from the alternate dimensions, leaving the pacing and focus tight and centered around Miles' arc, while also allowing every character to have meaningful moments that make their presence in the film necessary and earned.

Visually, this movie is stunning, and the inclusion of comic book panels and stylings makes this movie feel like it literally jumped off the page. This makes this easily the most visually distinct comic book movie ever to hit the big screen and I'm genuinely so grateful for the hard work the creators clearly dumped into every frame.

Stop feeling like you're getting robbed by big studios with long running franchises and go give Sony all your money for making this film, they deserve it. I can only encourage the balls that went into producing this film and it wholeheartedly paid off. The story is fantastic, the themes always relevant and the filmmaking is stunning throughout."
"This movie is AWESOME! The story, the music, the animation, the casting... all of it is top notch. I came in expecting a light cartoon style, run of the mill superhero movie: THIS IS NOT THAT! You will go through the ranges of emotions with this one; it is that good. Not what I expected at all."
So walking in taking my family to see this movie not knowing what to expect however what we got was miraculous and hilarious along with plenty of action loved it
Absolutely AWESOME! Full length feature film. 2hrs of well written storyline with spider multiverse action. What's not to love? First 10 I've given in a VERY long time.
"SPIDER-MAN: INTO THE SPIDERVERSE is a grand celebration of the titular character, a colorful, vibrant, and lively extravaganza full of heart, humor, and pure heroism, displaying a message that it doesn't take much to be a hero. Lord and Miller once again prove their ability as Hollywood screenwriters, bringing their wits and smarts along with them. SPIDER-MAN: INTO THE SPIDERVERSE does everything a comic book film should, it has heart, humor, scope, stakes, it's well paced, and has a genuine message of what it takes to be a hero, and it starts with a leap of faith. SPIDER-MAN: INTO THE SPIDERVERSE is unlike anything we have ever seen before, in a year of fabulous superhero flicks like BLACK PANTHER, DEADPOOL 2, and AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR, it's the 7th Spider-Man film that proves to be the most freshest and original of the crop."
"The humor and visual effects are terrific. I'm going to have to see it again but in 3D this time because I'm certain it is awesome with all the comic book style dots animated on it. It's too fresh in my mind to agree with myself that it's the best Spider-Man movie ever but once it sinks in, I wouldn't be surprised if I still think that way.

Go see it"
"Sunny finally got it right. I've seen every Spiderman movie since the Saban era. My kid and I laughed so hard. The movie had a great amount of 4th wall break, and the movie had heart. I've seen it there times already. I'm going to go see it again tomorrow."
"Superb story, Fantastic animation, great voice acting. Loved this film from start to finish. Hope there is more to come."
"This movie is just straight up wonderful. If you have any motivation to see it, please do. It has something to appeal to everyone. Please support the creators and make this one of the biggest superhero/animated movie of this year. The animation is beautiful, the story is great, the characters are wonderful, and the references to pop culture are amazing. Please, if you feel any tic to watch this movie, please do. I know you will love it."
"I have to say, Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse did not disappoint! In fact, it was better than I thought it was going to be.

They add lots of humor but not too much humor and they literally have you jump right in. Story line was written and executed really well, you just automatically connect with the characters and although some parts at least to me could be a little sappy, the film in its entirety was amazing.

I would also like to point out that the music used in this movie was fantastic! Yes the story matters and yes the quality of production also matters, but to me the music throughout a film is really important. If you don't have the right music/sound, but everything else is perfect, it kills the mood. The music sets the tone throughout the movie and that's exactly what they did with this movie.

I will definitely be buying this when it comes out on dvd and blue ray and would definitely pay to see it a second time. Job well done and can't wait to see what's next for this storyline."
"When I first saw the teaser for Spider-Man Into the Spider-Verse last year, I was hyped, the animation was beautiful, but we got little story. I can safely say that Sony Pictures Animation has made the best Spider-Man movie to date, and best movie of the year. The story is your typical story, near the end it does get a little too bunched but I am more than willing to forgive it for that. The characters are excellent, I am no fan of anime at all but I loved the unique anime style and expressions Peni Parker gave, I loved the cartoonish nature of Spider-Ham, Related to the edgy nature of Spider-Man noir, Felt sympathy for Miles, emjoyed Peter Parker, and loved Gwen. The action is great, no more needs to be said. And to wrap this review up: The animation is AMAZING, never before have I seen such creative style in animation, this is the best animation I've seen ever. It follows the style of a comic book and does it perfectly.

Overall go see this movie asap. 9.8/10 (rounded up to 10/10 in the actual star rating)"
"Wow! What a film! I have to say that this is the most visually stunning animated movie I have ever seen, I have never seen anything quite like it. The pacing is just right, it is a near 2 hour movie but does not feel like it. The voice talent is fantastic, the animation is brilliant and the story is well constructed. Made the whole cinema laugh out loud!

I really hope that Sony can continue to make movies like this, rather than the atrocity that was the Emoji Movie"
"I was expecting a great movie when I saw this, and it still blew me out of the water with how amazing it was. This film gives nonstop punches with awesome fight scenes, and plenty of fresh humor between the fights.

Each of the voice actors felt perfect for their counterpart, even Nick Cage as Spider man Noire.

But of course, what I loved the most was the amazing animation. Unique, accurate, and every different spider man has its own art style! Penny has a more manga art style, Spider Ham has a very cartoony style, and Noire has the 40 and 50's crime show vibe. And it nailed ALL OF THEM!

The plot took some turns I really wasn't expecting, and tons of tiny details put into the movie made me pleasantly surprised. For example, how real those moments in school felt before Miles was spider man. All that talk about puberty had me dying.

So, I'm conclusion, if you like action movies, see this movie. If you like comedy, see this movie. If you like superheroes, see this movie. Absolutely incredible film, and well deserving of a 10/10"
I have never seen a superhero movie like this before. An animated superhero movie like this... I've never seen anything like it. Would recommend to see in theaters before it's to late.
"I know the title may be quite a far reach, I don't know maybe it's not but from the relatively large sum of animated movies I've seen this one takes the spot of being the best. It's also the best superhero movie ever made but I think that's a little less of a hot take.

This film has the perfect balance of humour, action, character depth and emotional moments.

I know this may be a little clique but I truly believe that this film contains a top 3 scene ever within it.

Also the music is great and that animation style is perfect and looks like it was ripped from a comic.

Overall one of my favourite movies ever and the best animated film I have ever seen."
"If you have even thought about seeing this film just do it, it's worth it. I enjoyed it a lot"
"Not just an amazing animated movie and great superhero film but possibly THE best Spider-Man movie and one of the top films this year. It's got everything - innovative and beautiful animation, badass action, relatable characters with realistic dialogue, brilliant soundtrack, perfectly executed story, genuine non-token representation, lots of humor and a ton of heart. You don't have to know anything about Spider-Man or be a fan of the genre to enjoy it. Please go see this film and bring everyone and anyone you know with you!"
"If you actually ask me this was one of the best movies i have ever watched, not only that but this was the best spider man movie out there, it's really worth the watch, unpredictable, entertaining, exciting, i like how they added Stan Lee here, one of the best movies ever, deserves to have many awards, the animation is also really well made, good job directors and writers and editors"
"Just wow. Took my sons to see this film and they were blown away by it. Sony got it right this time. Amazing graphics, amazing story, amazing characters, amazing art to the culture of Brooklyn."
I absolutely loved this movie. Easily my favorite comic book movie ever
"The visuals, the animations and the colours are so good and well mixed together.

Miles is a bit cooler than the Peter we see in other movies, and it's a breath of fresh air. I was completely thrown off by his uncle being the Prowler - can you tell I haven't read the comics?

I love the whole concept of the Spider-Verse and seeing so many Spider-people (creatures?) together was very exciting. Gwen and Peter obviously steal the spotlight, while Penny and Peter Porker sometimes feel a bit too much. After rewatching it a few times, though, I've come to love them all.

The characterisation of the villains is nothing short of great. And can we talk about Doctor Olivia Octavius?! Mind blowing.

The plot is pretty much the basic superhero origin story, it's everything else that makes it absolutely fantastic. And the soundtrack, oh man!"
"Have to give high credit to Sony Pictures for redeeming themselves with the new Spider-Man movie. This had awesome animation, a story that connects and relates to us, and gives us hope for future spider-man movies.

Seeing the evolution of Miles Morales on how he became spider-man truly delivers. You truly can connect with his character as he grows in this movie. You feel his pain and how he has to take a leap of faith to become the spider-man we wanted."
"Into the spider-verse really brought something new to the spider-man universe.

It is very light-hearted in any way. With some funny anf emotional moments inside it.

The unique animation style was visually stunning and really pushed to say that this is one of the best animated movie ive ever seen.."
"This is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. The mix of animation styles blew me away. The story, Miles' story, was so human and real feeling. All of the spider-family was amazing, though.

I'm not a comic book fan, in general the format doesn't work well for me, so I don't know much about the history of any of these characters outside of Peter Parker. But this was a great way to get me interested in them. Because now I do want to know more. :)

There were times in the movie where I forgot I was watching a movie. I mean, I just got so pulled into the story that everything else fell away. It's rare that I experience that with movies, that's usually a book thing for me. That endears the movie to me even more, that it had such a strong pull on me.

Great movie, cannot wait to see more of Miles and Gwen!"
Going to the movies to watch another spiderman movie made me think that we saw it all! what could possibly be new! But i was wrong it was nothing like any other spiderman movie because it was all in one. It connected all the dots together. Now i know why there's this many spiderman movies. Now i can die in peace.
"Only ever so often does a movie hit the big screen that feels genuinely new, like nothing that has been there before. ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is such a movie. This is perhaps the most successful fusion of film and comic book to date, made with love to both genres.

Of course, people rave about the movie's style and animation... and yes, ""Into the Spider-Verse"" is jaw-droppingly gorgeous. However, the amazing look and feel of the movie should not make us forget that Spider-Verse gets everything else right as well. This movie has soul! It's a deeply moving coming-of-age story with pitch-perfect screenplay and some great voice acting.

Let me also point out how bold ""Into the Spider-Verse"" is: Something as experimental and colorful could've easily failed on so many levels, but the creators stuck with their vision and made no compromises in style or story. This is to be rewarded!

All in all, ""Into the Spider-Verse"" is absolute masterclass and hands-down one of the best movies of 2018."
"Everything about this new spider man was simply amazing and astounding in action scenes. The computer work was really superb and we gets stuck in so called spider-verse and the story adds high emotions to this animation and you really gonna feel in some scenes and sun-flower song was good. Do yourself a favor , watch this movie and you'll love it."
"FIRST !!! :) dammm i loved the animation it was mind blowing !! the best annimation i have seen this year !

the story was great. especially the different story lines from the entire spider-man series from the comic to cartoons. it is easy for everyone to follow, even if you have not read the comics ... and indeed who does not know spider-man.

hope the miles morales spider-man version remains animated, it certainly has a lot of potential"
"Beautiful artwork, great characters and story telling. Best spider-man movies"
"Trully a lot better than the other Spidey movies. Actually this movie is more suitable for teenagers. It's content is harmless for any age, but It has a complex plot. Good job and genius story telling. Really love the Spiderman Noir and it's Rubik Puzzle."
"I loved the movie. The Spider-Man franchise has become boring to me. This is always the same story. This movie though was a fresh look. Great music, colorful and tasteful animated movie and funny, flawed and interesting characters made this movie a great time to spend in a movie theater. I watched it in 3D, which generally means more money for barely more entertainment, however in that case I thought that was well worth it. I highly recommend watch it."
"A very Welcome fresh blow to the super hero Franchise! Miles Morales as spiderman on the moving picture is just superb! loved the comics, loved this movie even more! hope to see more like this, the visuals were stunning to look at on a 4k cinema screen. awesome soundtrack too."
This one is Awesome. Well structured comedic spider man movie ever. A unique style of presentation and the music wow!! its amazing
"This movie is hilarious, moving, exciting: everything a Spider-Man movie should be. It's the best one by far- I'm not a bit superhero movie fan myself but watched this for my kids- and I loved it!"
"Rishi Joe Sanu was watching Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. 8 hrs · I'll run out of superlatives describing how good this movie is. Not only is it already my favorite best comic book movie but it may even be one of the best animated films I've ever seen, rivaling Pixar's best. The animation pops and brings comic book pages to life right down to the 'Kirby Krackle'. Animators have attempted this unique blend of 2D and 3D animation styles that just work wonders in translating the comic book feel to motion unlike anything before. A very visionary alternative to the 3D Pixar style that has become the industry standard since Toy Story back in 1995. It's even psychedelic in parts. They've done some clever use of dialogue boxes, thought bubbles and transitions that are unique to comic books. Every single frame is brimming with Spiderman references ranging from iconic to those obscure deep comic book lore. The screenplay is crisp and sharp too. I'd totally be okay if the current live action superhero boom ends with Avengers 4 next year (just because I'm already committed) and shifts to this format going forward. #IntotheSpiderverse is an innovative, kinetic and endearing masterpiece. If you have the option to watch only one movie this holiday season then pick this one."
"This movie is what a lot of Spiderfans would love. It has a lot of details in each corner and frame that you must watch it several times to enjoy it. It moves almost every feeling and of course, don't miss post credits scene!!"
"Everything is perfect in this movie,but the music is 10 out of 10"
"15th best movie ever made? Really?

Its a great movie but the best animation ever made?

Better than Spirited Away, Toy Story and Ratatoulle?

Better than Tokyo Story?

After Infinity War that got very overrated, now this."
"This is by far one of my favorite movies ever. The art style and animation are extremely unique. Everything else about it was spectacular as well. The animation, art style, characters, writing, voice acting, plot, soundtrack, etc. were all amazing. The characters are well developed and easy to relate to for a wide variety of people. I have truly never wanted to go back and watch a movie in theaters for a second time as much as I have with this.""Fun"" is the perfect word to describe Into the Spider-Verse. It is also a good movie for all ages. This is a must see! :)"
"Fantastic movie,I loved it!! It had a great story line and characters as well as a funny script! Thoroughly enjoyed seeing it on the big screen!!"
"What a movie this was! Amazing animation,voice acting it top grade,action pieces are full of color and energy and for a comic book movie,I think this is one of the greatest.To be honest,for me at least,this is the best comic book movie since 2008.It was heart breaking,fun,crazy and one hell of a fun time. 9/10 Would love to see more!"
"Went into this movie not sure what to expect... and I came out thinking ""that was an awesome way to end 2018"". Fun, witty, and heartouching; a great film for the family, or just yourself. I walked out of the theater with a smile on my face; they did Spider-Man justice.

RIP Stan lee"
I went in expecting for it to be just a nother spider-man movie. It's way more then that it's not just a spider-man movie it's kinda hard to explains if you haven't seen it so I would go seen it
"Amazing film, would definitely watch again. Loved the characters!"
This movie is so much better because its animation is like a comicbook that comes a true life and also it have a very funny comedy situation that gives me a laugh
"We really didn't need another Spider-Man movie. After all, the franchise has been rebooted so many times that the timelines are starting to get muddled-which is why Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse works so perfectly. The film deals with multiple dimensions in a palatable & pleasing way. The animation is uniquely superb and makes you feel like you're watching a comic book. Plus, the story feels like a classic Wall-crawler adventure. Look out! Here comes a truly amazing Spider-Man movie."
This film is very good. Best Spiderman Film. I like this film
Okay so this was a huge surprise for me I was on the edge of my seat half the movie if your looking for a good time and a action packed thrill ride I only caution parents with the youngest of kids due to intense violence in a few scenes the movie was fast paced and could be too much for them however if you have older kids this is a high flying fast moving adventure sure to be loved by young and old get some snacks due to the huge leinth of the movie
"I Highly recommend this movie, it's fantastic. It's suits people of all ages and it's just an amazing story! So you should watch this movie, ASAP!"
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) is a movie my fiancée and I caught in the movies upon its release. The storyline takes place when the son of a police officer, who enjoys spraying graffiti and making murals in New York, is bitten by a spider while working on one of his projects. As you'd expect he gains super powers; however, shortly after gaining his powers he witnesses a murder by a current serial killer and barely escapes. Now the serial killer wants to uncover who the witness is and make him disappear. This picture contains voices by Mahershala Ali (Green Book), Zoë Kravitz (X-men: First Class), Shameik Moore (Dope), Chris Pine (Wonder Woman), Liev Schreiber (Ray Donovan) and Nicolas Cage (Face/Off). The storyline for this picture is outstanding and contains so many coming of age elements. The depiction of Miles Morales, the depth of his family, the explanation of the Spider-verse, the villain and the action are all remarkable. The animation style is unique and absolutely awesome. This may seriously be my all-time favorite Spider-Man movie. I would easily score this a 10/10 and recommend adding it to your collection."
"Spiderman: Into the Spider-Verse didn't need to be this good. In 2018, superhero movies, especially Marvel movies, have a reputation which precedes them. People know what to expect when they walk into a superhero movie, and with little or no marketing involved, even a mediocre origin story can rake in a billion at the box office. Instead of delivering us some generic filler movie in between Avengers flicks, Into the Spider-Verse sends us on an exhilarating joy-ride into jaw-dropping visuals and story. This film is more than a film, it is a roller-coaster ride for all the senses; it genuinely left me feeling breathless and exhausted, in a good way.

From the very first moment of the film until the very last moment, the film is a visual masterpiece. I am not even saying the beginning and end of the narrative portion of the film, but even the opening title screen and end credits. Not a single inch of this canvas was left untouched. It is a Hieronymus Bosch painting in the form of a film. The effort that went in to creating a compelling and interesting world is mind-boggling. It almost seems impossible that any team of people could produce something so fabulous.

It reminds me of Princess Mononoke (1997) for its attention to detail, in which Hayao Miyazaki is said to have personally gone through each frame to perfect the backgrounds and make it lifelike. Take Time's Square, which we only see in the briefest of flashes. They had every right to phone it in on the details as the city hurtles past too quickly to be really taken in, but instead they jammed each frame full with colorful imagery, jokes and references. The close attention to detail makes it so fun to watch at every moment. Usually I am one to stay at least for part of the credits scene, but in this film it's not even difficult because through to the rolling of the cast credits, it still maintains the engrossing colors and imagery.

The most obvious visual work going on in the film is the comic book nature. If we have a spectrum with Hulk (2003) at one end, representing the overuse of comic-book style to create campiness, Spider-Verse is on the polar opposite side, using the comic-book features so well that it is a work of art in itself. It is so tastefully done and compliments the story so perfectly that it feels like so much more than just a film. It is all visual mediums condensed into two hours. We get insights into characters thoughts through dialogue bubbles, we get brief and entertaining backstories as the flipping pages of a comic, the villains are made to be so much more cartoonishly villainous, and so much more.

We are given such an amazing variety of interesting characters. Miles is a healthy mix of believably awkward, funny, charming and shy. He is one of the most realistic teenagers in film and somehow his situation, as unbelievable as it is, feels right. Peter Parker is a balance of heroic crime-fighter and derelict bum. He has flashes of brilliance as a mentor to Miles, but he has been through extraordinary trauma, and we see that at the proper moments to make him down to earth. Aunt May is usually just a helpless old-lady, but now she's a badass. Even Kingpin has an emotional arc that makes him a sympathetic villain, but we can still hate him as the antagonist. All of the other Spiders and villains only compliment each other and never go over the top. Peni, Noir and Spider-ham could have been nothing more than hilarious comic-relief, and they did that exceptionally, but they were used sparingly enough to not overpower the mood of the story or get in the way of the action. In fact they added to it and gave this movie a unique twist that other superhero movies don't have.

I could just go on and on about all the amazing work done in this film. The sound design and song choices are spectacular. The plot is interesting and unique. The dialogue is so on point with its wittiness and intrigue. And oh my god, the visuals. I know I talked about this already, but good lord it is just beautiful. It's cyberpunk mixed with Dadaism, mixed with a kaleidoscopic, on acid, thrown into a blender and then molded by Michelangelo into a statue of the gods of Olympus. This movie attacks you from every side all at once and is relentless in its wonder. I could just go on and on about it, but it must be seen to be believed.

Sometimes it can almost be difficult to critically review a film when it is so good and it has such an emotional resonance with you. This is how it felt with me during this movie. I don't want to just write about this movie, I want to experience it again and again. It has transcended my normal viewing pleasures and gripped me so wholly that it almost seems personally and purposefully constructed. Sometimes you just need to take a step back from something you love and take a breath. You can get lost in it if you look too long. This is so much more than a film. It is a monument to art and cinema. This is not just superheroes, this is sensory heroin."
"This is a must watch movie. Instant classic.

No spoilers. Visually a masterpiece. Great story. Great soundtrack. You cannot blink.

Yet another example on how to create an inclusive movie without being ridiculous (ehem Disney and Netflix adaptations and new originals)."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (5 out of 5 stars).

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse proves that after a few times rebooting a Spider man origin story into a movie can never get old. You would think there is plenty of different Spider Man movies done so quickly within the last 15 years. Into the Spider Verse takes a different approach. Approaching the material and adapting the comic book into a movie. With colorful animation and visuals with the word effects or comic book action violence. The movie is spectacular and one of the best Spider Man movies ever.

From the help of Phil Lord and Christopher Miller (the people who did the 21 Jump Street movies and Lego Movies) takes the comic book material and they bring a kinetic energy with the story. The plot follows Miles (Shameik Moore) a teenager who is forced into private school with his father being a police officer and a mother that is busy as a nurse. He gets bit by a radioactive spider. And he notices changes such as having sticky fingers and being toned out. When the Kingpin tries to turn on a particle accelerator which Peter Parker/Spider-Man fails to stop him. He asks Miles to learn to take the responsibility and stop Kingpin. Miles meets other Spider-Mans from other alternate universes such as a burnt out Peter Parker (who is out of shape, careless, and depressed looking), Spider-Ham (a talking pig), Peni Parker (a young girl with a spider robot), and Gwen Stacy (Spider girl).

The film does have a lot of throwback references that brings in some easter eggs from Sam Raimi Spider man movies. The film is a lot of fun. The most fun you will ever have watching a superhero movie on the big screen. Director Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, and Rodney Rothman did a fantastic job in adapting the comic book into an animated film. The animation is slick, stylized, and colorful. If you are sensitive to flashy lights and fast paced changing colors it may be a difficult film to see. The characters are a lot of fun. Miles is that type of likable character were you can try to relate too. The villain Kingpin did look a bit cheesy with having a gigantic body that seems very inhuman. But it was a lot of fun. The story and direction runs at a kinetic fast pace energy. And the action sequences are stylized and exciting.

Overall, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a great film. Definitely a recommended film if you are into comic books or superhero movies. This Spider Man is a lot of fun. It has a fast paced story, it has action, and the animation/ visuals are entertaining with a comic book brought to the big screen. The soundtrack in the film which brings in a hip hop tone works great with the movie."
"Just watch d this film today. Due to the same date as Aquaman, many people ignore this film but I'm telling you guys, it's BY FAR the best Spider-Man movie of all time. The emotion is there, music mood is right on spot, story line is creative and funny, animation and action is perfect, it's everything you want in this film. Mixing funny, epic, and touching moments inside this film. Really~~~just flawless!!"
"One of the best movies of 2018. I loved the pacing, the characters, the acting and the overall story. It had a new, different style of animation that was refreshing yet easy to get used to."
Visually this film was exquisite. The soundtrack is infectious and not overwhelming. Story was simple. It was funny. It was fraught. It was powerful. Took my 11 year old. He connected immediately.
"'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is the superhero movie that every other superhero movie wishes it could be. Despite many contenders, there's just no competition.

It has everything a fan might want out of a comic book film: an origin story; a love interest; personal difficulties and drama; a conflict between the hero persona and the alter-ego; high-powered villains with dangerous plots; equally capable supporting characters; big name stars and brilliant up-and-comers in the cast; shots with heroic poses; varied comedy; exciting action; compelling music - and more. There's so much going on in 'Spider-Verse' that it could very easily be bogged down by its effort to include everything and the kitchen sink. But the writing is so adept that it instead succeeds with flying colors.

There's nothing not to love about this movie, and to go into detail about every last aspect would require an entire book. But one can try.

The importance of diversity in 'Spider-Verse' - centering Miles Morales, a young black-Latino as a protagonist - cannot be overstated; the representation is paramount. That Spider-Gwen is featured in the narrative to a degree second only to Morales strikes a very similar chord. And this is echoed in the casting, too, which is to be likewise applauded. Everyone involved is outstanding, though I admit I'm especially partial to the choice of Nicolas Cage - his part is simply fun in a way that weirdly mirrors the trajectory of his career.

The animation is like nothing I've ever seen. There are similarities to both 2D cel animation and more recent CGI, but the technique employed here blends the two in combination with a conscious effort to render frames recalling the art style of comic books. The result is absolutely breath-taking, imparting a realism to obvious animation that blows away all antecedents.

Both the score by Daniel Pemberton and - even more so - the original songs from a variety of popular artists are nothing if not exquisite. At every turn the music is the perfect accompaniment for the scenes unfolding, from Post Malone's whimsical ""Sunflower"" in the opening scene; to the electrifying, driving beats during action scenes; to the explosive, invigorating, and frankly revelatory (and very aptly named) ""Elevate,"" by DJ Khalil, Denzel Curry, and others, that complements the highly entertaining end credits. I have high expectations generally of film soundtracks. 'Spider-Verse' once again handily exceeds them.

The narrative is very carefully crafted, giving brilliant cause for the involvement of multiple, diverse Spider-Persons in the story. The introduction of Spider-Gwen is an unforgettably cheer-worthy moment, as is the sly, calculated reveal of the chief secondary antagonist. And everywhere we look, the tale is punctuated again and again by hefty emotional beats, from beginning to end and even at the core of the villain's intentions. Whether it's sorrow, sadness, thrills, empowerment, bravado, fear, anxiety, grief, embarrassment, warmth, cheer, or humor we catch from a given scene, it's all conveyed so distinctly, with such perfection, that we may as well be watching live actors expressing themselves.

Nowhere is this more true than in the most pivotal scene of all, when Morales fully realizes himself and comes into his capabilities as Spider-Man. Every preceding build-up of tension and emotion in the film comes to a head with extraordinary visuals that communicate very precise details of the narrative imagery, and of the heroic character arc. Layered on top of the placement in the flow of the narrative, the sequence is upraised ever further with the charged, energizing dynamics of Blackway and Black Caviar's defiant anthem, ""What's up danger."" The payoff is a scene, a singular moment of cinematic finesse, that I don't think any other superhero movie will ever be able to replicate. This is a scene that rivals some of the very best of any genre.

Yet to cap it all off and tidily wrap things up: For every impeccable film-making decision made in the crafting of 'Spider-Verse' that sets it apart, one can't overlook one other prominent element. Of everything there is to take away from watching this film, what may be the most significant overarching theme is laid bare in the concluding narration from our protagonist: Anyone can be Spider-Man. Anyone can be a hero. Anyone can step up and do what's right, what's needed. I said diversity and representation was paramount to the movie, and that was no mere jest, as the elevation of an ordinary black Latino kid to superhero stature is a clarion call for everyday people to figure out how they can contribute, and be a hero in their own way.

And that theme, that uplifting inspiration, is still another quality that other superhero movies - for all their wit, grandeur, and world-building - at best struggle to put across.

I say again: I could go on almost endlessly in my praise of 'Spider-Verse.' The list of things worthy of praise is just as long. It's exemplary not just as a comic book movie, but as a work of cinema generally. One can easily make comparisons to other comic book features, but as an action flick, a superhero movie, an animation - this is a film that so wholly exceeds the standards of its genre that one must begin looking to the rest of the medium for meaningful discussion.

There are few movies that I'd suggest as a universal recommendation. And I can't imagine there's many people reading this who haven't already seen 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.' But if that describes you, drop what you're doing and watch it right now."
Hands-down one of the best comic book films ever made. This is one of a small handful of movies I've watched multiple times in recent years. Looking forward to the sequel.
"I really enjoyed watching this movie. I always like to go to marvel and superhero movies, and I loved the approach taken by the creators. The color of the movie changed depending on what was happening and which characters were on screen, and it added a level of immersion that boosted the movie to a whole new level. The animation of the characters was exceptional, with their shapes and sizes reflective of their main character traits. 10/10 must see for anyone that loves superheroes"
"The best superhero movie of the year. The best-animated film of the year. The best Spider-Man movie. This movie is fun from beginning to end and is an absolute love letter to comicbooks. Character designs are lifted from the source, most specifically the Bill Sienkiewicz-inspired Kingpin. The animation is beautiful and uniquely stylized, creating its own rules so that it serves day-to-day scenes, fantastically kinetic action sequences, or the origin stories that literally burst from the comics pages.

While ""Black Panther"" explores the Blackness as a core concept, Miles Morales is an Afro-Latino teenage New Yorker. The film shows his world, his parents, his uncle, and he simply is. His identity is evident in all aspects of the movie, and even as more Spiders fill the cast, there is no question who is the lead.

The movie is an origin story that doesn't feel like an origin story because so much is happening, and when the veteran Spiders begin dropping in, it creates its own dynamic. This film's vocal cast is led by actors known for on-screen roles, but whose vocal abilities serve the product. The story is strong, the action exciting, the jokes are funny and the Easter Eggs are plentiful. It is the most overall satisfying superhero experience of the year."
"Longtime fans of Spider-man make up an outrageously large number of people in this world. The box office results for every Spider-man movie have proven that as well as the longevity of the comic book series. But the less than die-hard fans aren't familiar with the name Miles Morales when it comes to the character. They grew up with Peter Parker in comics, cartoons, TV series and movies. So who is Miles Morales?

In 2011 Marvel comics came up with an innovative plan. They were going to relaunch their mainstay comics into a new universe called the Ultimate Marvel universe. They wouldn't get rid of the ongoing series but would create this new one for young readers just coming into comics at the time. This would mean they would have their own Marvel heroes without the baggage of decades of stories to catch up on. These new series were a success and among them was a new Spider-man, Miles Morales. It was inevitable that he would show up on film and SPIDER-MAN: INTO THE SPIDERVERSE offers a fantastic introduction to the character as well as bringing in the classic.

The film takes place in this new Marvel universe where young Miles Morales lives. His father Jefferson Davis is a police officer who isn't keen on Spider-man. Miles dreams of becoming a graffiti artist. While his father isn't keen on the idea his Uncle Aaron is and takes him to an abandoned subway tunnel to use as his canvas. While there Miles is bitten by the inevitable radioactive spider and the following day he begins to show signs of his spider powers.

Returning to the tunnel to find out what happened to him, Miles discovers that Wilson Fisk has created an accelerator that will allow him to move through different dimensions, his goal being to reunite with his wife and daughter, killed in a car crash while he was escaping from Spider-man. But Spider-man is there to stop him, fighting his henchmen Green Goblin and Prowler. Miles has to step in to help and the original Spider-man (at least here) is killed but not before he gives Miles a USB device and tells him to use it to stop Fisk.

After the funeral of Spider-man, Miles buys a costume of the hero and tries to use his powers. At the graveside he runs into someone else there to pay his respects who seems like a bum. This is Peter Parker (our Spider-man) whose been brought over from his dimension. After being chased by the police, Miles and Peter begin talking. Peter agrees to help train Miles while at the same time attempting to get himself in shape again. But they aren't alone.

It appears the accelerator while turned on for a small amount of time not only brought Peter here but several other versions of Spider-man from various other dimensions as well. Now this group of heroes, alternate versions of the same character from different dimensions, must unite to fix the dimensional portal that Fisk has created, get themselves back to their own worlds and close the door behind them never to be used again. Easier said than done.

The movie is an amazing thing to watch visually, done in computer animation with such skill that within moments you're not aware you're watching an animated film. The story is so engaging that it doesn't matter. It's a solid film that stands on its own as a movie without thinking about it being animated. This might be why the film won the Oscar this year for best animated movie.

That depth of story is what makes it so exceptional. We have the usual tale of the secret identity issues that our hero faces as well as the loss that he experiences along the way. Even more so when we learn there are different versions of Spider-man that have all had their share of tragedy. Add to that the fact that this hero isn't a well-trained adult but a teenager learning to cope not only with his powers but life itself and what we have is a well-crafted tale.

I may have spoken too soon by saying you'll get so lost in the story you'll forget it's animated because the animation here is amazing. Not only are the standard scenes of going to class with Miles well done but the chase sequences are a visual feast. Add to that the battle sequences and this is one amazing film.

Don't think of this as a kid's film, even though kids will love it. Think of it as a movie that the whole family can enjoy together. Why? Because that's exactly who will have fun watching this one."
"It was breathtaking watching this. I watched this with my big sister, and we're both very happy that we chose to watch this. This is the best christmas present from sony (also redeemed themselves after that egregious emoji movie). The artstyle, story, characters, music,and how they delivered it was spot on. I am sure it is above animated movie standards!. I don't go watch in the cinemas very often, and it is very refreshing to see a good movie after a good couple of months. Good work sony, have this amazing cookie! 🍪"
"Watch it... if you are a true fan you'll cry, laugh, rage, and cheer at the brilliance of the film."
"Finally, Sony has done it. Spiderman into the spiderverse has great storyline, fantastic animations, good character development, nice bgm and last but not least a great theme: ""Everyone can wear the mask of Spiderman"". This movie offers a completely different animation experiences and has indeed set a whole new path for the future of animation movies."
After being a little disappointed that they used Miles Morales' storyline in Homecoming they definitely did a great job with the animated origin story
"Spiderman! Beautiful art jaw hitting ground, funny drink out nose LOL , action packed, music gonna make you pow pow! feels in the belly jelly, story arcs got it all in there. Swing on in you won't be sorry. Please sir Ginnie more."
"For great superhero a masterpiece from Sony. Spider Man Into the Spider verse was above expectations. Great story , visuals , editing , character designs , soundtrack. A big fat TEN from me. Movie had almost everything what fans wanted. We got and we love it. The best animated movie this year for sure if not the best of all time. All in all I recommend it for everyone who have MARVEL in their hearts."
"I have never sat through a super hero movie, animated at that too, and had such consecutive and constant series of chills. This movie is a strong way to end 2018 and deserves all the praise it's getting. I cannot stress enough how golden this movie is, definitely one of my favorite animated/ just movies in general of all time."
"Watched Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse with my daughter today and both of us enjoyed it. Despite having seen many prior Spider-Man films before, this film felt fresh and had an uplifting message that anyone can be Spider-Man. Great animation, voice acting and music."
Everything is Amazing: Story Animation Drawing Songs
"It's epic in one word. It is something, nobody has ever seen in cinema. The story revolves around Miles Morales, a kid from Brooklyn. Kingpin creates a collider which opens portal for parallel universes. Miles and other spidys team up to resolve the abnormality. The movie is so well made that there is literally no dull moment. The visuals are splendid. It felt like you are going through a great comic book and it is your imaginative world. The travellers from other universes pursued great character depth. The movie seems so comically realistic that you will be familiar with the laws of the cinematic-verse within the first half. The first half of the movie was too good. Then second half did justice to the first half. It is a never seen before experience.

Surely a must watch."
"Even though I am a big Marvel fan and animation fan, I never really liked Marvel animated shows or movies, so I completely disregarded this when it came out. All my friends were praising and recommending it so I finally listened to them... and boy am I glad I did (and my friends know me well!) This movie managed to take familiar characters and stories and do something extremely original with them. It's enthralling, trippy, fun, touching and very funny all at once. It's also an absolute visual treat and the voice actors are impeccably on point. Unless you're prone to epilepsy (I'm actually serious about that), I see no reason why you shouldn't watch this movie!"
"Very cool cartoon. Unusual animation that especially emphasizes character styles. Shown bright and rich world around. Incredible and memorable soundtrack that you want to listen. In the cartoon there is a tribute to the creators of the characters: Sten Lee and Steve Ditko. The characters worked out well, but I wanted to see more of the relationship between Miles, Peter and Gwen. And also see more Fisk, as he showed little. And perhaps this is the only drawback for me. And in general I advise you to watch the movie especially in the New Year and especially if you are a fan of Marvel."
"There's no hiding that Spider-Man is my favorite superhero. My reviews of Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) and Venom (2018) say as much. I grew up watching the 1990s animated Spider-Man show, so when I saw early trailers for Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018), I half-thought it would be some direct-to-video movie. After all, everything up until now had been live-action. I was encouraged to learn that it would receive a theatrical release, especially when I started to see more footage of its unique artistic style. Not only does Into the Spider-Verse embrace its comic book origins, but it also does so with a flair and panache that I'd almost like to see in other superhero franchises.

Over the years, I'd only loosely been paying attention to what was happening in the Spider-Man comics. Sure, I knew about Spider-Gwen (Hailee Steinfeld) and Miles Morales (Shameik Moore) but more in the sense that they were departures from the white-male Peter Parker (Jake Johnson) that carried the franchise for so long. It then makes sense that these three were what dominated the first half of this movie. While I adored Peni Parker (Kimiko Glenn) and Spider-Man Noir (Nicholas Cage)-not Spider-Ham (John Mulaney) as much-their extreme takes on the theme could have used a little more screen time, even if they might have distracted from the primary narrative.

In the end, choosing to make Into the Spider-Verse animated helped to open up the creative options available to it in this medium. I could see why it won the Best Animated Picture Oscar this year, as the fusion of classic 2-D comic books and 3-D CGI blended in an endlessly entertaining way. I'm excited that there seems to be a sequel in the works, as my appetite has been whetted with this film and I'm ready to consume more of it as soon as possible. I just hope it lives up to the nearly perfect presentation that this trailblazing movie managed to create.

A visually groundbreaking, laugh-out-loud funny, and overall entertaining superhero film, I give Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 5.0 stars out of 5."
"This is the best (animated) spider man movie, with absolutely beautiful and gorgeous animation, and it looks just like a comic book.

Same awesome different types of spider man from the comics along with Miles morales spider man as the best one.

This has emotional scenes, suspenseful scenes, funny scenes, and is the most real feeling spider man movie."
"Without a doubt, the third best superhero movie ever made (behind ""Avengers: Infinity War"" and ""The Dark Knight"") and the best animated film ever made. The film had a fantastic plot, with fantastic characters (this film is the movie that has the deepest Spider-Man), numerous references (being the best reference is the post-credit scene), very good actors and an animation fantastic that makes reference to comic strips. In addition, in the end, the film had a great dedication. Highly recommend."
"Great animation, great storyline, great film! Just purely an awesome family film and the way the story is told is just purely brilliant! A definite watch especially if you have family time."
"Now I love this movie. The only problem I had was Kingpin, but it just didn't matter. The animation is great. I have nothing else to say."
"This movie has spectacular animation, fantastic plot lines and a straight up amazung story. Hope a sequel comes out soon!"
I only watched this at first due to extremely good reviews however I wound up loving it I had so much fun there's plenty of heart and laughs but beware people left my theater I was in due to.intense violence and they all walked out of the theater with young kids so my adbiad is to keep in mind that the movie was not meant for the tinest of kids but sure was amazing for tweens teens and adults I highly recommend it to almost anyone goodbye and happy watching
"So many filmmakers who make ""comic"" properties are embarrassed by the medium and ignore what makes them great. This is the first comic film that truly embraces its roots. These guys took what a great comic is and amplified it for the film medium. Character designs are awesome including a nod to Bill Sienkiewicz amazing work. And finally, the story and direction are pitch perfect. Can't wait to seem more movies from Lord and Miller.

On a separate note, I can't believe these guys were fired from Solo. Makes me sad that we will never see their version of the film."
"To start with: I am an enormous Spider-Man fan. Added to this: I am a huge fan of Miles Morales. Now hearing this you may assume that I'd love anything with Spider-Man... and... I mean... you're not wrong. I don't think I outright 'hate' anything Spider-Man related. But at the same time, no other Spider-Man movie has had me writing reviews on Amazon, Fandango, IMDB, and Rotten Tomatoes singing its praises.

Into the Spider-Verse is (to me)- without a doubt- the best Spider-Man movie yet. And to be fair, if there was ever a movie I was skeptical about, it was this one. Sony Animation-- the same people who did The Emoji Movie and the Smurfs films-- making the first Marvel animated movie (not counting Big Hero 6)?? Was't looking too good... But DANG did they knock it out of the park! Not only are the visuals outstanding-- using 3D animation in an almost unprecedented way where it seriously looks like it is a living comic book-- but the cast, soundtrack, and story are all phenomenal. For anyone who reads the comics, there's plenty of Spider-Man fan service. For anyone who doesn't, there's plenty here to keep you thoroughly entertained throughout. It's got its moments of being down-to-earth, it's got humor, it's got heart. It's definitely a super hero film, but it's also a coming-of-age film.

If you even remotely enjoy Spider-Man, do yourself a favor and check this out!"
"A visually impressive masterpiece with great concepts, fun characters, flawless soundtrack, filled with humor and Easter eggs. It has an art style never before seen in animation unique in every way, making the movie look like a comic book came to life. The cast is amazing, the story gripping and it is a fun movie for usual fans and for Spidey obsessed comic fans alike."
"Animation 10/10 Story 10/10 Direction 10/10 Script 10/10 Imagination 100/10

Loved it...."
"Perfect animation, humour, well developed characters and a gripping story make this a mind blowing masterpiece! This is the best Spiderman movie ever made. If this is the future of animation then it's more than welcome. The story is awesome, there is great superhero action and the animation is fantabulous! I was expecting it to be good but it actually exceeded my expectations. Sony and Marvel have set the bar real high here. Get up and go into the Spiderverse! You need to watch this movie, like yesterday!"
Movie surpassed any Spiderman live adaptions. Movie kids and adults can relate to. Glad read comics learn more about him. Movie deals with different dimension Spiderman some familar with two wasn't familar with. Movie great visuals of course sony did is thing. Music score and soundtracks worked well with movie. Ending left open for a sequel. Stan would been proud of this movie.
The visuals.. wow!!! Cool story.. awesomwe deep and funny
"I don't get any of this multiverse stuff, but I like it. I love movies!"
"What justice was done for Spider-Man , what a a gift, after the final departure of the great Stan Lee.; from his first inspirations to Spider-Man. It felt like a culmination of his life's work; this awe-inspiring cinematic wonder of a departure gift! ( I can't help but think of the Lord of the Rings and how they waited until our technology could do the book justice - Spidey was given to us , with what feels like, the best animation has to offer !) It was an experience- I felt physically different for a couple of hours after watching it."
"This isn't just an animation, it's a comic book. It's style and art design is so jaw dropping and fun you'll like you are actually reading a comic book. Miles Morales is finally home at the big screen where he belongs. This is a 10 with a super duper bad-ass seal of approval."
"I adore the ""Spider-Man"" universe that is partly why I was so disappointed with ""Venom"", thus I was worried that ""Spider-Verse"" would be the same, however It was the furthest from that. The film has its own unique twist upon ""Quantum Theory"" which I think is marvellous, as I mentioned the writing is exceedingly clever, the humour is meta In the same vane as ""The Lego Movie"" but obviously instead of mocking ""Lego"" they mock ""Spider- Man"". Although I have mentioned the humour, the film exceeds in switching the tone to dramatic when it needs to, and at points becoming really poignant. I was never overly enthusiastic over the Miles Morales plot-line line, but I have to say the film swayed me. Gwen Stacey, Peter Parker and Peter B. Parker were all great to. The direction is out of this world and is one of the best directed animated films of all time in my opinion. The animation is superb it is so different from all the other animated films I adore it. The emotionally apt Stan Lee cameo, writing and animation make this one of the greatest film of the year and some of the best of all of its mediums. My closing thoughts are this, a must see for any, Spider-Man enthusiast, Movie enthusiast or Comic-book enthusiast. Oh and stick to the very end. 10/10"
"I felt so many emotions while watching this, but here are my favorite parts ( kinda spoilers )

Reference to emo Spider-Man finger-gun was great Seeing Stan lee brought a tear to my eye Post credits scene was a reference to that old Spider-Man pointing at the other one"
"I first saw the trailer for this film, popcorn in hand, in the entrance of my local cinema waiting for my screening of 'Avengers: Infinity War'. At first I was scared for the investors of this film, thinking, 'Woah, an animated spiderman film? Surely this will be a flop.' I didn't change my thoughts on the film throughout the several months leading up to watching it. That is until five minutes into the opening scene. The rich, vibrant animation was an enigma to me at first. Swirling, spinning web-slinging (excuse the pun) spectacles and characters took a second to wrap my head around, but once the film had fully immersed me, I had been 'thwipped' to my seat.

Whenever I see a trailer for a film and I find it genuinely funny and not just in a, 'haha, hey, we should go see that' kind of way, I become worried. To me, a funny trailer indicates that all the best scenes have been used up in this promo, leaving a dull, bland shell of a movie that could have been funny. Add this to the fact that Sony Animations (creators of the dreadful 'Emoji' Movie) had produced 'Into the Spider-Verse' and you had a recipe, it seemed to me, for disaster. This was, however, in no way the case. The film had both Parody and Slapstick style comedy with a hint of Satire. Not to mention the hilarious references to various Spiderman Films and Comics.

You could really get behind all of the characters. Each were strong in their own field and presented a new style both in their characteristics and literally their true colours (Spiderman Noir's lack-of for example). This applied to the multiple villains as well. The new takes on Kingpin, Dr. Octopus, and Green Goblin were some of my personal favourites, plus the first time depiction of Prowler voiced by no less than the brilliant 'Mahershala Ali'. Obviously not his first Marvel Villain rodeo! If you are a fan of mid-film twists, 'Into the Spider-Verse' has got that fresh to order. I don't do spoilers, but I can tell you it will be a surprise to you.

Overall, I believe this film is one for the marvel history books. And hearing there is an sequel based around the female characters, I can say for certain that i will be rushing into theatres to see it."
Okay so originally I only went to see this due to the fabulous reviews but I wound up really enjoying it however with that being said the violence in the movie is hard core and I actually saw people leaving from the theater due to the extreme violence but it was a excellent movie
There's not much to say here. At least nothing bad. I had very high expectations for this movie and still I wasn't prepared for what I just whitnessed. For the last 15 years it's been The Incredibles but tonight I just saw my new favourite animated movie!
The storyline was good and the actions was superb! Everything about this movie is worth watching. I don't normally give full star review for a movie but this one - you deserve it! Big claps to this production. Good job!
"Who knew there would be a animated Marvel film?.... especially involving Spider-Man, but instead of Peter Parker, it's Miles Morales' Story, so I was on board for a animated Marvel movie, about another Spider-Man character, not only was Sony Pictures Animation behind it, but Marvel was part of it too, so I was somewhat excited for it, but at the same time, worried, because the company have done alooooot of garbage, The Emoji Movie, Peter Rabbit, The Star, the Live-Action Smurfs movies and many more, but this could be a nice change of pace for the company, so Sony was nice enough to release a early preview for the movie here in the UK, it doesn't come out till next week but I got to see the movie early this week and I got to say........ I was surprised by this movie, this is exactly what I want from this movie, so let's talk about it.

The story is about Miles Morales trying to cope with his new school, having hard times with his father and family life in general, till one day he gets bitten by you guessed it.. a radioactive spider, and now he has super powers and he doesn't know how to control them, but then one day the threatening Kingpin (Liev Schreiber) has a big plan that could destroy Miles' world, but when he gets help from another Spider-Man (Jake Johnson), he trains Miles to become a better Spider-Man and teams up with other Spider-Man from different dimensions to stop Kingpin, so yeah.... sounds pretty simple, just another Marvel film that will be exactly like the other films except animated right?...... no actually, the movie does this sort of story in a new and fresh way, this time it's about Miles then it is just about Peter and Miles' struggle to get along with his dad and his new school, so you can relate to his situation and what he is going through, so the touching and strong emotions are there and they do hit, it's also surprisingly funny, in many ways, with Peter Parker, Spider-Man Noir, Miles and especially Spider-Ham, it knows how to visually do slapstick humour and doesn't full over the top, the humour is witty, clever and effective, it's the right balance of humour and emotion, the plot is interesting also and I never really knew where it was going which is also a good thing, very unpredictable, plus the idea of the movie is very original too, a movie where more then one comes together from other dimensions, that's really cool, plus some of the best action scenes ever put on the big screen, so creative and fast, the plot, the premise and the execution has so much to offer and manages to deliver a lot in a new and brilliant way and I applaud them for it.

The animation is some of the best I have ever seen, even Disney couldn't get animation this amazing, the movie has this comic book style to it and it looks amazing, with it's different colours, it would translate a scene in a comic book way, it has all these different sound effects like boom, bang, crash and many more, it looked like the animators were having fun with animating this movie, the character designs and animation are the right balance of cartoony and real, with some really interesting looking characters like how big Kingpin is and how wacky Spider-Ham is, you can tell who's who and the backgrounds are outstanding, so much colours and lots of creativity on the screen, I know Pixar, Disney are dominating the animation industry but I think this movie could change the way we see animation in a brand new way and this movie proves that any style of art can work well in animation.

The characters are great, I liked a lot of them, my favourites are Miles, Gwen, Spider-Ham and Spider-Man, Miles is a really relatable teen who is really struggling with family life, I really liked him a lot, he's likeable, funny, well fleshed out and carries the movie very well as the main character, he's my favourite character in the film, I also really like Gwen, she's also super likeable and has tons of funny moments, her chemistry with Miles is pretty cute and funny, Peter B. Parker is pretty funny and plays a slightly bigger role in the movie then expected, he carries the movie as well but not as much as Miles, the other Spider-Man like Noir, Peni Parker and Spider-Ham have a very unique personality, Noir is awesome, Peni Parker is adorable, Spider-Ham is just amazing in how wacky and silly he is, easily the funniest character in the film, Kingpin is a interesting antagonist, he has a reason as to why he wants to achieve his goal, he's threatening and menacing along with the other villains like Doc Ock, Green Goblin and Prowler, Miles' parents Jefferson and Rio are also relatable and have good heart to the movie and they show that they do care about Miles a lot, along with great characters the voice acting is really damn good, I mean you got Nicholas Cage, Jake Johnson, Liev Schreiber, Haliee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali and many more, they are putting in great performances and I enjoyed all of them, with great characters who show to have promise and Miles having great development and amazing voice acting, the characters feel like real people in our world.

Wow, I never thought I would say this but..... Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is properly the best Marvel film yet, yes...... I said it, better then Infinity War, Black Panther, Deadpool and Spider-Man: Homecoming, But the thing is, this movie has changed animation in a brand new way, it's an original story with a great premise, excellent humour, real and relatable emotions, amazing and groundbreaking animation, wonderful characters and top-notch voice acting, so if you love Spider-Man, you'll love this one, this one will have some Easter eggs that you may notice and it has a nice tribute to Stan Lee in the credits, which I thought was really sweet of them to do, not only the best Marvel film of the year but one of the best films and animated films of the year, please check this one out, it's worth it, you won't be disappointed.

I'm happy to give Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse a 10/10."
This movie is just absolutely stunning From beginning to end. It has everything comedy drama twists great storytelling incredible animation it's just An incredible movie
"Visually stunning with a great storyline ( even the new movie 'No way home' used the rough layout).

Fantastic portrayals of the villains, Lieb Schreiber as the Kingpin is amazing!.

Looking forward to the sequels."
"They did such a tremendous job with this movie. Yeah it's animated, but it's unbelievable"
"Amazing story line, learning about Miles and the spiderverse. Funny, entertaining and everything a movie needs"
"Guys If you are thinking to watch between two then this may be helpful It is a drama,action,non-romance,critics and better story."
"Nuff said.

But seriously. This movie is good in every single way; Storyline: awesome Music: fitting and epic Visuals: strongest part of this movie. It looks so so good Character development: really well done

The only thing that bothered me a bit was kingpin, i would have liked to see him a bit more"
By far the best spidey related material ever produced
"A brilliant family movie, a brilliant Spiderman movie. This is a real gem of a movie from the story to the music and it just looks stunning, like a comic book brought to life. One of the best movies of 2018"
"The most original movie I have seen in a long damn time! I have been so sick and tiered of how everything feels like ""copy - paste"" now days. Nothing looks or feels like this one. GO SEE IT! Hands sown the best superhero movie of the year, and I am a movie and marvel fanatic! Trust me on this one!"
"Before watching Spider-Man No Way Home (2021), I decided to re watch all the previous Spider-Man movies. However, I wanted to wait to review all the Spider-Man's until after I saw No Way Home so I could get a true rating. Every single Spider-Man movie was amazing, but this one is my second favorite (No Way Home being first). This movie was just so unique in so many ways. Firstly, the plot was amazingly creative. The animation made it look like it was straight out of a comic book, the soundtrack was great, and the characters were all super like able.

The plot of this movie is what introduced the multiverse to most marvel fans. It started with Kingpin trying to get his family back from another universe. It malfunctioned and brought 5 different Spider-Man's into new Spider-Man, Miles Morales's universe. Miles' Spider-Man was killed by Kingpin a couple days before the other Spider-Men started to show up which meant Miles was the universes only Spider-Man. He had no training and was scared. That is when he found Peter B. Parker, and he started to ""teach"" him. They infiltrated a facility, stole a computer, met up with Gwen Stacy (Spider Gwen) and then eventually met up with the other Spider-Men. They then fought together to destroy the collider and defeat Kingpin, and all go back to their universes.

The animation for this movie was amazing. It looked like it was straight out of a comic book. I heard somewhere it took a huge team of over 100 super talented animators and artists to do this movie. All those people definitely paid off. It was one of the most unique animation experiences I have ever seen. I said it before and I'll say it again. It looks like you are watching a movie, that is a comic book. So cool!

I don't usually talk about the soundtrack in a movie, but this one was phenomenal. All the songs were great and fit perfectly with the scene. Especially 'Scared of the Dark.' It was a very emotional scene, and the song magnified that.

All of the characters in the movie were super like able as well. Miles Morales, Peter B. Parker, Gwen Stacy, Spider-Ham, Peni Parker, and Spider-Man Noir were all amazing picks to use as different variations of Peter Parker's Spider-Man. The actors were also amazing with their roles. Specifically Shameik Moore (Miles Morales), Jake Johnson (Peter B. Parker), and Hailee Steinfeld (Gwen Stacy). They are all great actors to begin with, but the way they fit their character was even better.

Lastly, I love how they were able to have 6 different versions of the same character, and have all of them be incredibly different and unique from each other. It is genius writing. This movie was probably the least important if you are going to see No Way Home (Unless you want to get a taste of what the multiverse is like). Regardless, this movie was a masterpiece and I 100% recommend watching it. It even works as a family movie night choice. Enjoy!"
"It is amazing there is character development, plot twists, compelling villain, relatable protagonist, unique comedy, drama, clear and unpredictable plot there all it is in this spectacular ride of a movie. My only issue is why is this movie felt so short while clearly this movie is 2 hours long."
"I was sceptical going into this movie but leaving my mind was blown, i loved everything about it from the art style, the characters, story line, soundtrack and basically every little thing.

The way they showed the progression with Miles was amazing and easy to follow, the emotional moments actually got me emotional unlike most scenes that i yawn away at in other movies, this movie has my attention the entire way through, especially with the Stan Lee quote at the end.

But the movie isn't just about Miles you can see all the progression in characters like Miles's parents and his uncle, when he is taught what it means to be a hero and him over coming the obstacles that were there.

this movie has my love for spider-man films at an all time high. they should definitely expand on Miles's character further along with another movie."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a heart-warming film for all the family to see. I admit the film can get upsetting in some places, like when Uncle Aaron dies or Miles can't talk to his Dad because he's wrapped up in a chair. It's sad but exciting. When your not crying your gripping to your seat or clutching your friend next to you or even imagining you are Miles Morales. I mean the animation in this film is really cool and not just the same old boring cartoon s**t you see in Disney Princess movies. No, this is gold to one's eye. I'd even say that Spider-Man: Homecoming is trash compared to this. Yeah, come and get me MCU! The only thing I'd like to say is go and enjoy this film as it is quite hard to dislike."
This is 100% the best movie I've ever seen. Ever single second was exciting and pleasing to watch. The animation was absolutely gorgeous and the storyline was beautiful and powerful. I LOVE this this film.
"I watched this with my 9 year old son and 4 year old daughter and I enjoyed it as much as they did. It was brilliant. There is nothing I can say that hasnt been said by other reviewers, but I will remind you to watch to the end of the credits for the little nugget of joy that Marvel is known for having."
"Wow, just wow. I totally underestimated this movie. The story and visual effects were outstanding. This movie had all the right elements: great plot, character development, lighthearted humor and fitting soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie if you like comic book movies. Again, totally surprised me. Very much a 10/10."
"This is not a animation, this is a work of art, is so original and fantastic, it like see a hq moves, o 3D is incredible. I hope that be able to win the Oscar, because deserve so much, and not only the technic part, The plot is very cool, with a lot of twists and spider-mans and that is the best part, all of them work pretty much well. The pos-credits scenes is amazing! And I can't wait for the sequel! Stan Lee would be proud."
"I'm watching this movie as I write this review. It's weird. I've seen hundreds of movies, from fantasy to sci fi, horror and everything in between. I've seen LOTR, Titanic, Into the Wild, and so many others and all of those movies had something that would made me feel. Feel the history, the characters and their pain or their joy. And... there's Spider Man - Into the Spider Verse. And it's the first time I shed a tear in a movie. Spider man's death is one of the most powerful scenes I've came across in any media in any genre. Spider man. Our friendly neighbourhood Parker. Its has been with us, with you and me, for more than 30 years an for some, more than 50. Whether you like comics, books, movies, games, cups, magnets, toys, he's been with you. And, in a brief moment, for those who knew the character and the humanity he brought into a 2 dimensional universe where everyone with a cape can be Super, but not a man, we felt the pain. The pain of those who in that fictional universe, lost, such an amazing person. We felt it and we morn it as if it was one of our beloved friends taken from us, because this, this is how BIG, more than life itself, this character is. This moment, and the incredibly gorgeous animation is in, deserves my respect. I salute you, animator, director, sound designer, voice actor, coffee boy, donut boy, and every single person that worked in it: Congratulations, you made an outstanding job and I sincerely believe that, if alive, Stan Lee would aplaude it as loudly as I did. ""Excelsior, Marvel Fans, and Excelsior, history fans, because this movie, just made itself present in the list of movies of a lifetime."
I have seen a myriad of films in my time but to be frank this is the best movie of all time. The interplay of the zeitgeist and new age animation comes together in this simply the best movie of all time.
"This is better than a 10/10, this is a 12/10, but I shouldn't even need to explain, it's so creative and inspiring, the animation is vibrant and perfection, the music is just amazing, the emotion is high within every frame of this movie, the comedy also works at every attempt, and the voice actors, much like baby driver, act in this movie like this really happened, the stakes make this movie, but the characters make this movie over-perfect alone, Miles is extremely likable and his arc makes me cry, this is one of the greatest animated movies of all time, and also the greatest spiderman movie, and easily the greatest Sony movie."
Just can't get rid of those sound tracks Its always in my head Suites perfectly in every scene Best animated movie.
This movie is amazing. There wasn't a single character I didn't like or thought was annoying. I love miles' character and the teacher-student relationship between Peter and miles. The animation is also just stunning. I am a huge Spider-Man fan and this has to be the best Spider-Man movie I've ever seen.
"It's funny, emotional, engaging and what not! It IS the best movie of 2018. One of the best Spiderman movies. The animations are inspired from comics so there's no point of saying that animation is not that good. Stan Lee's Cameo, of course.. I loved it. The story is very connecting. You'll be into it from the beginning to the end. And the post credit scene is damn hilarious. 💯💯"
"Best looking animated movie I ever saw.

That's all I got to say.

One of the best Spider-Man movies. Best animated movie of the year."
"1/10. Tobey Maguire doesn't voice Peter Parker in this movie.

This is a joke. The movie is amazing. The animation style is original and very creative. Throughout the whole movie, there is conspicuous character development for many of the characters. The screenplay is very well done. The villain in this film is well developed as the audience can understand and relate to his motives. The movie is very funny and the animation style contributes to this factor. There is nostalgia throughout the film and makes us excited for what Sony has next for us in this trilogy. 9/10.The cast is great, though I disagree with the choice to cast Jake Johnson. This movie would've been a great way to reintroduce Tobey Maguire.

However, there is NICOLAS CAGE!"
"Compared to a lot of MCU movies, this is top notch, weird, and awesome!"
"Spider-Man into the Spider-verse has to be the best Spider-Man movie out their honestly. Stan Lee and the rest of the crew really out did themselves.

This movie did a good job introducing miles morals as a character and portraying his origin while introducing the spider-verse in the most spectacular way. It is pretty a new Spider-Man for the new generation.

The plot and how it was timed was excellent and it wasn't predictable what so ever. Alongside that it delivers the message across without over doing.

The animation and art style was pretty good though I didn't really like how the kingpin looked but it did still work especially when they had to animation bend in the movie.

The voice acting was pretty good despite a few missing lip movement of the characters while talking.

I admit when first saw the trailer the animation looked a lot like a stop motion advert but I was wrong.

It is a pretty cool movie overall and I would really recommend it if you are a Spider-Man fan."
"This movie is the easiest 10/10 I've ever given.

Starts hard, stays awesome.

Plays the entire emotional range, especially laughter.

Must-buy soundtrack that elevates the movie.

Best Animation Art this year. Best animation art of all time contender.

This movie must be nominated for a best movie Oscar."
"No spoiler's here. If this film from Sony Pictures Animation is just like Jasper und das Limonadenkomplott (2008), Lucky Duck (2014), The Hero of Color City (2014), and The Peanuts Movie (2015) combined, you're get In Search of Santa (2004) plus Sony's licensing of Spider-Man (2002) in a duo. Of course a Pig sounds like it comes from Barnyard (2006), the anime sounds like from the jaoanese manga, and... You know what... 10/10👍 for this movie, becuase it has mindblowing AUTISM-speakers from Life, Animated (2016)."
Entertaining. Emotional. Fun. Action packed. Great for kids and adults. Was really clean too. Thanks Sony and marvel.
"I didn't think about how good it looked, but it turned out to be cool. Regardless of the style of painting, music and people, the theory of parallel worlds was seen in the past, and the film portrayed it as cool and great! There are always things in life that are not satisfactory, and there are many that have no choice. Then, we accept, change, move forward, and keep faith! Wish we all be heroes in our own lives, have our own beliefs, and be defeated and always get up."
"I actually saw this movie on December 19th, but I was late writing this review b/c of school! But this movie was amazing! If I had to call the shots, Spidey has made this movie A mazing!

This movie really had a lot to look forward to. Mostly the animation and just the storyline. Lots of Sam rami references and just overall fun too watch!!!!!"
"Everything about the movie is great, and is truly one of the kind as it landmarks it's name into Cinema as one of the greatest films ever mad. The Cinematography, animation, and story were all top tier."
"Caught the unlimited screening on the Friday and it's safe to say I will be going again! After watching every Spider-Man film to date, and tirelessly rewatching the origin story twice over (Uncle Ben), I was really torn when I seen they were releasing yet another Spider-Man film, but everything they've done with this one is perfect. It's completely set apart from all the others and gives new take on the spider-verse, if you like. Fresh story, fresh character personalities and great animation, go watch, you will not regret!"
"Dude, this is amazing. the plot twist are amazing. that music thoo!! 10/10. awesome!"
"This is a 10/10 quality movie, if you want to know more, WATCH IT, it is my favourite Spiderman movie ever."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spiderverse Non-spoiler review Easily the best Spider-Man movie made to date. That's isn't much of a stretch, because the others, while some have been good, are just not great. Why is this the best? Simply stated, it is 100% faithful the the source material-the Marvel Comics. While the mainstream Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is fantastic, those movies have been adapted for mainstream audiences and morphed into their own laws of their established sense of reality. This movie about the Spiderverse is straight off the colorful pages of the comics. The one true Peter Parker Spider-man, from Earth 616, does not appear in the movie. Instead, the main character is the Miles Morales Spider-Man from Marvel's Ultimate Universe, an alternate dimension that exists as part of the greater Marvel Comics universe. The 616 Spider-Man was created by the late GREATS Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, who both passed away this year. Miles was created by the man who had written the majority of all Marvel comics over the past 20 years, Brian Michael Bendis. For someone who has read comics for most of his life, I am happy to report this is the first theatrically-released superhero movie that is a faithful adaptation of the comics. Thank you Mr. Lee, Mr. Ditko, and Mr. Bendis for creating this AMAZING universe and thank you Columbia Pictures for visualizing THEIR original creations on the big screen. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Excelsior! #thwip #makeminemarvel #nuffsaid"
"Hearing the positive reviews for this latest installment of the Spidey series, I went out on a limb and watched it when it came up on my satellite channel. This movie rocks. Plain and simple. I have never seen animation like this before ever. Clearly the people behind this amazing movie are geniuses. Before the movie even starts we are introduced to the characters and get to know their story. How many movies with real characters fail to do this? A LOT! The movie hums along like a fine-tuned sports car and after some sequences I had to pick my jaw off the floor. What an incredible movie and why it's not up for best picture is beyond words. The sheer amount of people involved (ending credits) clearly shows this movie was made with love and Stan (not sure if he saw it before he passed) would be super proud. 2 hours of mayhem I will gladly repeat soon."
"Every part of the movie is amazing, well done Sony!"
"This is an animated film that well and truly has it all! Stunning animation, laugh out loud humor, a gripping story and pulse-pounding action. The animation in particular is astonishingly clever. I'd go so far to say it's the best animation I've seen in a computer animated film. In terms of Marvel's best films of 2018, I'd put it equal first with Avengers: Infinity War. Absolutely astonishing!"
"Amazing movie.

Watched it twice so far. Will surely watch it at least once more.

Can not wait for October 2022 for the sequel. I cannot comprehend why making an animated film would take 4 years.

I commend the story writer Phil Lord, the three directors Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, & Rodney Rothman, as well as everyone else who helped make this film come true.

10/10"
"This movie is perfectly made and so clever with how its made comic book like and i cant wait for the second film i just hope the the second one don't disappoint because this film is amazing and as a franchise it could go a very long but amazing way aslongs its done right.

Its joint first as my favourite spider-man with spider-man 3 yes i said spider-man 3 because dont kid your self its the most entertaining out of all the spider-man films yes its flawed but still amazing.

MILES MORALES IS A KING"
"I'm only 19, but I remember watching the first 2002 Spider-Man movie with Tobey Maguire and watching the cartoon from the 90s when I was a kid. I was also an avid Spider-Man comic book reader, I had a box with literally hundreds of comic books on the character. All of this ignited a passion in me. Spider-Man was more than just a character in a book or movie. If I felt sad I went to Spider-Man, if I was bored I went to Spider-Man, if I was angry I used Spider-Man to calm myself down. This movie takes that love for the character and strengthens it. Everything from the story, the animation, the soundtrack, and the spider-people and villains are done to perfection. Watching this movie made me tear up because I felt like a 7 year old kid again, staying up past my bedtime to read just one more comic or watch one more episode of the cartoon. My review doesn't do this movie justice, just please go watch it."
"Into the Spider-Verse is pitch-perfect, a true masterpiece and a work of genius! It was hilarious, touching, heartfelt and wonderfully animated. The soundtrack and voice-acting were very good too. Please check this film out while you can. You don't wanna miss it!"
"I started the first few minutes a little apprehensive about the quality of where this animation was going, but soon started to become impressed, and as it went on even more so impressed. Not the very best animation realism I've seen, but uniquely creative especially the multi-dimensional quantum effects - mind blowingly intelligent & unique. The dialogue was over-the-top intelligent, witty, comically self-effacing at times. I had to use subtitling just to keep up w/the depth of satire, banter, burlesque. The voicing actors were well selected, adding audio nuance to the characters. Then there is the multi-dimensional dessert in the form of Spider-Ham, Peni Parker, Spider-Man Noir, Aunty, Gwen. Conclusion: An overwhelming intelligent & visual treat."
Plot writing was great and powerful. It's something you don't see in every animation movie. One thing I love about this movie is they put a lot of depth and heart in this movie. Audience definitely gonna attached in their seat till the end of the movie. You also won't get bored by watching it every time you want to watch it. All the characters are very likeable and relatable. I think this movie will be great example to all Hollywood studios .
This movie raises the bar in ways that I couldn't have anticipated
"Didn't even want to watch it in the beginning until a friend actually suggested it. AMAZING!

You get the story you know with a mix.. it's done really well and all the little hidden references in the film are fun as well. Loved the storyline, loved the humor, loved the music and soundtrack, pretty much everything.

Watch it."
"This movie looks gorgeous, the comedy is on point, the action is great, and the references are amazing!"
"From my point of view this is the one best movie in the Spider-Man series of movies, maybe on par if not better than the 2002 Sam Raimi Spider-Man. The story line has a lot of comic book references, the characters develop true emotions, the CGI shows a lot of respect for the comic books etc etc. Such a great movie!"
"Maybe the best comic movie? The framerate takes all of a minute to get used to and the writing and voice acting is superb. Stylistic, charming, etc. All the buzzwords. Easily rewatchable too."
"If this doesn't win a golden globe then something is wrong. A fabulous movie in every way. The opening scene was fantastic, the humor was great, the story was incredible, the characters were fun and well developed, the plot twist was mind blowing, the visuals were stunning and the best effects I've ever scene in an animated film. Voicing was perfect, and fun for the family. Some very sad moments and deep scenes I connected with as well. Go see it. It's worth the money!"
"Having heard much praise about this film since its release and seeing its high ratings on both Rotten tomatoes and Metacritic, and seeing as it was nominated for several Oscars (and won one). Expectations were only set quite high.

After watching this film, can safely say that these expectations were met. First off the visuals are top notch, the colours are flashy and bright, and the overall animation is incredible. The story is written well and is pretty clever, not just a typical Spider-Man film. The different Spider-People were a nice touch seeing them from these different dimensions, and they were all quite likeable, unique and different. The main older ""past prime"" Spider was probably the best, in terms of content, and the voice work by Jake Johnson stood out. Initially did not know he was the voice but during the film, figured it was him.

The action and pacing is also really well done, as the film doesn't get boring and even during its slower scenes, the dialogue is either witty or the music soundtrack plays accordingly and fits in perfect with the image of the film. This is one complaint I have seen from people, saying they did not like the type of hip-hop being played throughout the film and how it was too much, but it fits with the narrative and stereotype. Most of all it works.

One negative is that the film could have actually been longer. The run time is less than two hours and the end credits are over 11 minutes long. So the film is really about 1 hour 45 minutes. Also the Uncle Aaron could have had more screen time as he was an interesting character. Otherwise this was a really well done film and one of the best animated films of its time."
"Get your Oscars here! I think we might need some three or four of them here. Can an animated movie get the best movie award? I think it should. 1) Best Movie 2) Best Graphics 3) Best Sound And yeah, 4) Best Screenplay should be here, too.

Upd. I think all these reviewers rating lower than 10 are hypocrites! :D it deserves no lower than 11!!!"
Not just the best Spider-Man film but the best super hero film of our time. I can't even wait to see where this goes. More please!
"Without going into much detail, this was one of my favorite Spiderman movies ever. The storyline is awesome and I enjoyed all the new Spidey characters. The animation was also top notch. Recommend to anyone. Will definitely be buying this in 4k when it comes out."
"Incredible animation, wonderful characters and a fantastic story, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse made a tired, over saturated genre feel fresh and fun again. Definitely a new favorite of mine. Will see again many more times in the theater."
I strongly recommend this movie. It's funny and the animation is impressive.
"REVIEWER'S BIAS: I have been a fan of Marvel Comics' Spider-Man character since I was probably in elementary school; Spider-Man is my all-time favorite superhero. I grew up watching the excellent ""Spider-Man"" animated series from the early 1990s, and I absolutely adored the first big-budget live-action ""Spider-Man"" series that was released from 2002 to 2007.

Four years ago, I finally got around to reading the much-talked-about Miles Morales line of ""Spider-Man"" comics and - admittedly - I've come to enjoy his comic book adventures a lot more than I do Peter Parker's. (For you comic book geeks out there, Miles Morales was co-created by ""Ultimate Marvel Universe"" chief architect Brian Michael Bendis and artist Sara Pichelli, and he first appeared in the August 2011 issue of ""Ultimate Fallout #4"" - having assumed the mantle following the death of the original Spider-Man, Peter Parker, at the hands of the maniacal Norman Osborn/The Green Goblin. Miles Morales is also the first black Spider-Man, and the SECOND Spider-Man to be of Latino descent - after Miguel O'Hara/Spider-Man 2099; Miles is half-black/half-Puerto Rican.)

For this reason, that is why I absolutely refuse to ever watch ""Spider-Man: Homecoming"" (2017), which I believe should have been about Miles Morales, not Peter Parker, and Miles Morales is the version of Spider-Man who deserves to be incorporated into the greater Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) - especially since TWO previous big-budget, live-action film series have been dedicated to Peter Parker.

But you can imagine my elation when it was announced that Sony (and by extension, Marvel) was producing an ANIMATED ""Spider-Man"" movie that would finally mark the long-awaited big-screen debut of Miles Morales, and we got that this year with the 2018 Bob Persichetti-/Peter Ramsey-/Rodney Rothman-directed ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse."" And its screen-story by Phil Lord, and final screenplay by both Phil Lord and Rodney Rothman is all over the place (in a good way), and is also quite inspired.

Now THIS is THE ""Spider-Man"" movie I've been waiting to see, and I didn't even realize it. Now I love Sam Raimi's ""Spider-Man 2"" (2004), which is my favorite superhero movie, my #2 favorite movie of all time and is, in my opinion, the best live-action cinematic treatment that the famed Marvel Comics ""Wall-crawler"" is ever likely to see. Like ""Spider-Man 2,"" ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" appears to be a labor of love for its team of filmmakers and legion of animators - as well as a celebration of everything people know and love about Spider-Man as a character; it contains many nods to the comics, TV shows, and films of past & present. The film, by Sony Pictures Animation, is pure eye candy; it's beautifully and breathtakingly rendered and realized amazingly well - essentially a colorful, animated kaleidoscope of an animated comic book superhero picture - and the characterizations are spot-on and brought to life by a lively voice cast that includes lesser-known performers and firmly established film veterans.

In discussing the story, I've read the majority of Miles Morales's original comic book adventures, so I'm quite familiar with him as the new Spider-Man. I knew going in that some things were changed (how can they ever be just like the comics?), but most of these changes are minor and insignificant and don't detract from the picture, as a whole - though Miles's nerdy best friend from the comics, Ganke Lee, is noticeably absent. Miles Morales (wonderfully voiced by Shameik Moore) IS the central character here - the film's opening moments work well to establish him and his life; his family, his parents Jefferson Davis (Brian Tyree Henry) and Rio Morales (Luna Lauren Velez), and shady uncle Aaron Davis/The Prowler (Mahershala Ali); and his first days as an aspiring art student at the expensive charter school Brooklyn Visions Academy - and the film largely centers around him and how he becomes the new Spider-Man. But he's not the only Spider-person in town...

The vile gangster Wilson Fisk/The Kingpin (Liev Schreiber) has had his chief mad scientist Olivia Octavius/Dr. Octopus/""Doc Ock"" (Kathryn Hahn) design a machine that will open up a gateway to alternate dimensions. After Miles Morales gains spider-like powers from a genetically-modified spider that was similar to the one that bit Peter Parker - and following the death of the original Peter Parker/Spider-Man (Chris Pine) at the hands of Norman Osborn/The Green Goblin (Jorma Taccone) - he soon finds himself encountering other Spider-people from other dimensions, most famously an alternate, albeit aged and disheveled version of the original Spider-Man himself, Peter B. Parker (Jake Johnson), who shows Miles the ropes of how to be Spider-Man in his world. And additional help comes from Gwen Stacy/Spider-Gwen (Hailee Steinfeld), the anthropomorphic ""funny animal"" Peter Porker/Spider-Ham (comedian John Mulaney), Peni Parker (Kimiko Glenn), Spider-Man Noir (Nicolas Cage), and Peter Parker's beloved Aunt May Parker (Lily Tomlin).

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is a blast, from beginning to end. I have not enjoyed a superhero movie this much in a very, very long time. While so many superhero movies (and TV shows) these days concern themselves with such uber-seriousness and pretentiousness or silly one-liner-laden dialogue every five minutes, I found ""Into the Spider-Verse"" to be a much-welcomed change-of-pace from everything we've become so accustomed to. The movie is light and fun, but is not weighed down by the forced corniness and fake levity of most live-action MCU movies of late, or the humorlessness and cynicism of so many DC Comics vehicles. ""Into the Spider-Verse"" is self-knowing and hip and witty, and wears its heart on its sleeve, but it hits all the right emotive notes and the high-flying humor of the picture arises naturally from the material and doesn't come off as forced (again, like so many big-budget MCU and DC properties in recent years).

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" was the ""Spider-Man"" movie event I've been waiting for, and I didn't even know it. For anyone that's a true fan of Spider-Man, it's definitely worth the price of the admission. I know it was for me.

10/10

P.S.: The film also contains heartfelt tributes to both of Spider-Man's late creators, Stan Lee (who passed away just last month and whom I had the pleasure of meeting six years ago at a comic book convention in Baltimore) and Steve Ditko (who passed away in June)."
If my review could be comprised of two words and two words only it would simply be: Absolutely Amazing.
"Well the biggest surprise of the year appears to be that the Sony Animation release where John Mulaney voices a talking pig is one of the best films of 2018!

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is an incredibly unique film showcasing fantastic animation that gives the film a look that will always be associated with this project. Introducing comic book elements into the film only to switch it up further by incorporating different animation techniques on top of each other later in the film.

As a comic book fan it is really cool to see underappreciated characters treated with such respect in a big film like this. Cage and Mulaney both do a fantastic job playing two of the more comic relief characters in the film while still managing to showcase what makes those characters interesting. This film follows the character of Miles Morales (Shameik Moore) a fan favourite but often overlooked character in the Spider-Man cannon. Despite most audiences not being familiar with the character the care and commitment to getting him right is commendable.

Really that's what this film is all about, care and commitment. Sony Animations doing a Spider-Man film with bankable stars like Hailee Steinfeld and Jake Johnson was always guaranteed to make money but this film goes above and beyond to ensure that it offers a new experience.

I realise that the way I'm talking about this film makes it sound like an ""important"" film that is more art project than family fun but that could not be further from the truth. Into the Spider-Verse is hilarious. This film has a writing credit from Phil Lord one half of the team behind the Jump Street films and the Lego Movie and it shows. I can't remember a single joke that didn't land and much like with The Lego Movie even scenes that don't feature as many jokes are still very engaging and entertaining.

In sort: See this movie! (and stay for the end credits!)"
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse truly is a masterpiece. Got to watch it on the first day of release, gotta say the studio was not jam packed as it hits cinema while lots of people are also watching aquaman. Okay so for the movie GORGEOUS animation, great music, fantastic story. Bored of spider-man origin stories? The movie gives you 7 origins!! Yeah thats right 7 and presented in such fun but heartwarming way that you will smile and also care for each characters. Humorous, sad, great actions, and tons of easter eggs this is just what you would want from a Spider-Man movie. Spider-Man is my favorite marvel super hero and i gotta say i never enjoyed a Spider-Man movie quite like this, every moment of the movie i was like ""oh thats from..."" ""hey thats..."" if you're a fan like me you won't stop looking and noticing the easter eggs even till the final after credit scenes, and non fans you will be a Spider-Man fan after this movie! I don't usually do reviews but i always read them, but when i saw this in IMDB I couldn't help it, just here to share my opinion and how this movie gave me joy!"
"Honestly, this might be the best movie of the year. The physical comedy and moods, just are so perfect. You'll see little meaningless clips, and yet 45 minutes later that clip meant something to the story, although this movie is hard to find currently, it is a must watch."
"Can watch this film 100 times and it'll still be as entertaining to me as when I first watched it a few years ago. Very enjoyable for anyone and everyone, all ages. Definitely recommend!"
"Before No Way Home i would've put this as the best spider-man film. I absolutely adore everything about it. The unique art style is absolutely stunning, the performances from the voice actors are exceptional, soundtrack is incredible and the story is amazing. Apart from tiny tiny plot holes, there is literally nothing wrong with this film. This film is very obviously aimed at heavier and more long term fans of spidey so to someone whose not as big of a fan as i am, i understand you may not love it as much as i do.

We follow Miles Morales (who happens to be my favourite spider man) whose bitten by a radioactive spider in a subway station whilst with his uncle and after accidentally being caught up in a fight spider-man is having against green goblin and the kingpin, he witnesses spideys death and their reactor collapsing and failing. This then pulls all kinds of spidey variants into miles world (similar to no way home). Miles learns from another peter what it's like to be spider-man and after meeting characters such as spider gwen, they embark on a mission to send them home and stop kingpin and his team of villains.

For miles this film shows his growth as he learns the real responsibility of being spider-man and the risk he must be willing to take. By the end we have a stylish, youthful and modern spidey whose successfully sent all his variants home and defeated kingpin and his team and he prepares to protect the city himself. This film had many people with low expectations and oh my did it blow those expectations out of the water. I'm over the moon that a sequel is happening and am hoping we get a live action MCU miles very soon. Exceptional!"
"First off, this is the most visually unique film I've seen in a long while. It's stunning. The storyline was intriguing, and creative without being hard to understand. I took my two sons 8 and younger and the could both easily follow what was going on. This movie is a complete blast from start to finish. It has clever humor, great message, and incredible action (which was unexpected from a cartoon). This is a must see! They nailed it!!"
"I Have loved the Spider-Man comics since being a kid, and have followed them for 40 years since. I can honestly say they have brought the comics to life.

It uses comic print type graphics while still having that clean HD computer generated look, giving the characters in focus superb colouring and life. At times the back ground was out of focus, i guess this is on purpose, but felt like badly edited 3D, but this didn't distract from the overall look at times it almost feels like a live action film.

It a fantastic storey which feels like its been ripped straight from the comics. It is jammed packed with the proper Spidey humour, and gives us the usual moral questions which makes up every great Spidey Character. There is great action sequences throughout, and you do get invested in the main characters emotional journey.

It has everything a great Spider-movie should have, but you get more Spidey for your $$. If your a fan of the whole Spider-verse thing have patience and wait till the end credits it is worth the wait."
"Visually Breathtaking!!! Absolutely loved it! Superb story and animation! When I first saw the trailer months ago, I couldn't wait to see this film. It delivered 10 fold! Not only great storytelling and cinematography for an animated film but for any film period. *Insert Mindblown emoji here*"
"Into the Spider-verse is a great addition to the Spider-Man film series. The film follows Mile-Morales, (the black Spider-Man). After being bitten by a radioactive spider, Miles uncovers a plot by King Pin to dive into the multiverse. In the process, Spider-Men from all over the multiverse are brought into Mile's world. Even though it is animated, this film is on par with the live action films. The story and the animation are both excellent. Plus, there are a lot of fun references to the original Spiderman Trilogy. I enjoyed that we got to see an older version of Peter Parker for once and not just a kid like usual. Also, Hailee Steinfeld is perfect as Gwen Stacy/ Spider-Gwen. Her character is the best, and she stills the show in every scene. All in all, it's a great little film, and I can't wait for part two."
"Alright, I'll say it, we are oversaturated with bad and tired animation nowadays. However, Spiderman breaks the mold in every way, being one of the most beautiful and innovative pieces of animation that has ever been created. It is in the top 5 pieces of animation ever created in my opinion. It's relatable, and shows us that it doesn't matter what we look like or where we come from, anyone can wear the mask. Not to mention, it is the ONLY comic book movie that has been created to date in my opinion. The dotted and comicbook-driven aesthetic is unbelievable, and captures your attention every moment of the film. An absolutely wonderful movie that has deserved every award it has already won, and every award it is up for in the future."
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse restored my faith in humanity
"BEYOND PERFECTION,THIS IS A GEM .A LIVING COMIC BOOK."
"Not only do I think it was a good movie, I think it was the best movie! The animations were awesome! The plot was extremely good, and more importantly, the story had a good theme and lesson. This movie shows the real definition of spider man!"
Soundtrack I've got to mention is an absolute killer. The art and how it's shot is beautifully well crafted to add extra layers to the story without you even realising. Long standing fans of spiderman are going to be in love with this. All in all its a marvel masterpiece with a touching moment at the end of the film to give thanks to Stan and Steve for all they have done for the comic world we live in today. And the post scene credit sequence is just.. Words can't describe that.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Ok this film is one of those movies at first was not excited for mainly because I was not a fan of the animation and now picking this movie up and watching it I was totally wrong about this movie is Flawless I love when all the villains are on screen with all of the Spiderman's also but the Origin was better than Peter Parker's Origin and this movie was sad also mainly when Peter Parker died at the beginning of the movie really hit me I like mainly Prowler looks really good and it being Aaron Davis I was just shocked and the whole ending to this movie is amazing where we have everybody go back to the universes and Miles defeats Kingpin but this was a flawless movie one of the best animated movie of all time and one of the best Spiderman Movies so I give Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse an A.
"Idk why I waited so long to see this film. I thought it was going to be a bait and switch judging by the trailer, but boy I was wrong. I'm at a loss of words on how to even sum up what I just saw right now. Pretty much it's everything you've ever wanted in a superhero and animated film and nothing like you've ever seen in your life. I was sad when it ended and I had to go back to real life. :( If only we had a Spiderman to defeat our own CERN and the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). Yes this movie was solidly based around that idea. Not trying to be a tin hat here, but look at the obvious. There's a reason keep seeing similar appearances in our favorite movies/shows (IE: Ant Man 2, Stranger Things)."
Entertaining and wonderful characters and a poignant story
"This movie would definitely have Stan Lee's approval. When I saw the ad that would release this movie, I wasn't very excited, I thought it would be just another Spiderman movie, but with another character used to enhance Peter's image, I confess I was totally wrong, it's a movie about Miles Morales and his trajectory to become Spiderman, which was something wonderful, I have to start talking about the soundtracks, at the beginning of the film, it plays the song ""Sunflower"" from the Post Malone, and it makes the film earn a point with me, because it fit perfectly at the moment, as much as I think the best song in the movie, I confess that the scene with Miles taking the leap of faith while playing ""What's up danger"" is the best in the movie, and I also say that the tracks are used in building the scene in a perfect way. Let's not forget to mention the animation in the movie, which is just PERFECT, the style applied in homage to the comics was simply the best animation I've ever seen, and all the scenes are done with love, the animated battle scenes are better than many movies choreographed, which makes the level go up a lot. We have to close talking about the characters in the movie, many think some characters (such as Peni Parker and Peter Porker) poorly developed and even boring, but I disagree, these two characters mentioned may even be worse than the rest, but they are very good, and they all teach Miles something, however, i have to say i'm spiderman noir fanboy in this movie (because he's my favorite spider), he could have more screen space because his voice acting (at least in the Brazilian version) is wonderful, his dark line and with only two colors works very well, and the battle scene at Aunt May's house with him using the powers is very good. I'll make honorable mentions to two characters I haven't mentioned here: - Peter B. Parker - Gwen Stacy It would take a long time to write about both of them, but I assure you they are the best characters in the movie. That's it, sorry if it's poorly written, because I'm Brazilian and I'm using the translator to write, until next time."
Easily the best movie of the year. This movie doesn't disappoint. The art style is amazing. The story is amazing. The move doesn't take itself too seriously and that's what makes it an amazing fun ride. Highly recommend.
"The animation on this was fantastic! I saw in 3D with my son and I was just blown away. Nothing about this movie was slow and uninteresting, it was fun, funny and full of beautiful visuals. This is more urban then the Spider-Man everyone is use to and it was refreshing to see a different side or sides to the character. 10/10 for sure!"
"This film is a masterpiece, and it has everything I want for a film to have: relatable and developed characters, great villain, amazing visuals, coherent and brilliantly scripted plot, and an amazing soundtrack. Into the Spider-verse tells a story that has never been done well, and it elevates it bringing different themes into the mix. This is without a doubt one of the best animated movies of all time, and it definitely deserves to be watched by everyone."
"IMDb 8.8! valve 9! Best animated film of the year! Word-of-mouth of the world's major social software film reviews burst! So far, this film has won five awards in the world! Wonderful Degree Complete Second Kill Mad Animal City and White! This film is a combination of 2D + 3D + real scenes! Picture effect explosion! Previously, I watched a boring trailer and thought that Sony was using old IP to rehash , but also an animated film. I didn't intend to see it. As a result, I almost missed a superb works ! hc !"
"""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" (2018) was by far the most interesting and most fun I've had seen in a long time! I wasn't confident at first. But once the film began I was blown away! It was epic in every way! DEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY!!! I'd watch it again and again and again!"
"Wasn't expecting much to be honest, but the introduction to the Spideyverse was awesome, character development was executed nicely. Oh and the animation is NEXT LEVEL. 10/10"
"This movie has everything you could ever ask for in a Spider-Man movie. Tons of comic book references, a VERY good storyline with happy, sad, and thrilling moments; it has dozens of funny jokes, and a beautiful and unique animation style. The character development is also great. You don't feel like it's just a mash of random Spider-men. You learn to love and appreciate all of them. This was not a rushed movie. It clearly took much time and thought into producing it. Best Spider-man movie hands down. I saw it twice already and I might just go see it a third time!"
"This film is better than Incredibles 2 and more deserving of winning Best Animated Feature. Incredibles 2 lacks the depth of the first film and play a bit too safe. While Into the Spider-Verse looks and feels unique and different from other animated films from this decade. This movie is 11/10, hands down THE best comic book movie I've seen since The Dark Knight.. This is worth buying."
"The visuals. Oh, those stunning visuals! Marvel and Sony have done an incredible job on the graphics in this movie. A perfect mix of colors, 2D animation and art that feels right out of the cover of a fresh comic book magazine. The soundtrack is another good side to the animation. I always feel goosebumps whenever there's an epic scene combined with and epic soundtrack. I mean, what else do you need in a superhero movie, right? Each character in the movie has a unique identity. Such a good combination of characters from completely different universes. I love how jokes and humor blends with the drama in the movie. All of this reminds why we all love Spidey and superheroes."
2018 has been a big year for super hero movies that began with black panther and ended with what could be the most amazing super hero movie of the year. It's also an animated cartoon that will appeal to people of all ages yet there are some scenes that might trigger seizures for those with epilepsy . Worth the price of a ticket!!
"Just saw an advanced screening of this film and the single best word to describe it is - cool. The animation and direction are highly stylized and, as a result, viewers will probably love it or hate it. You can place me solidly in the first camp.

Besides the general style of the film, the dialogue and voice acting are notable. The voice acting is some of the finest I've seen on film. There's not a single weak link in the cast. And the dialogue, as expected from a Phil Lord script, is clever and full of humor. However, it was many of the dramatic scenes that were so wonderfully surprising to me.

Great film for the entire family. However, will probably be appreciated more by older viewers."
"Being a fan of Spider-Man since I was young has finally payed off after seeing the best animated movie of 2018. From the loveable characters to the exhilarating action scenes, this one of kind film delivers it all. While watching this movie, I wanted to jump out my seat and pretend to swing around like Spider-Man as well as fighting off make-believe foes. That's how much fun this movie is and how great it makes me feel. Everybody from all ages can enjoy this experience and learn something incredible from it as well."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse has to be the greatest marvel movie I have ever seen in my life! Better than Raimi's Spider-Man Trilogy, Better than The Amazing Spider-Man Duology, and even better than Spider-Man: Homecoming. The characters in this movie were funny as well. I especially like the end how Miles and Peter finally find out who they need to be. The music was great, The actors were perfect, and the movie was amazing. Better than Endgame, Better than Joker, my favorite comic book movie ever"
"Story and animation were really good. It was funny without forcing it, and there were some sad moments (heard some sniffles). It's up in there in my fave animated comic book movies, along with Under the Red Hood."
"I have rarely been so completely blown away by every facet of a single film as I was by this movie. The soundtrack is stellar, the voice acting literally could not have been better, and the animation! The ANIMATION!!!! The art style was so unique and gorgeous, I kept whispering ""wow!!"" like every ten seconds. And to cap it all off, the story, the lovely, perfect story. You think you've seen Spider-man, you think you know what to expect. This was so much more than just an origin story. This was a whole world. This was a boy reaching for everything he could be. And it was a look into what makes Spider-Man one of the most beloved Marvel characters. It isn't just that he punches bad guys and saves the day. It's that he loves the people he saves, and craves connection to the people in his life and his city. This movie had so much heart. I cannot recommend this movie enough. Please go see this movie!!"
"Perfect movie for Spider Man fans, better than the rest. Perfect animation. Amazing story. Jaw dropping fight scenes. Lots of easter eggs."
"Despite not caring about Marvel movies for the last 4 years, since CA: WS with the only exception being SM: Homecoming in that time, I was excited for this movie if only for its amazing animation style in the trailers and for a strong interest in Spider-Man as a character generally. Yet I didn't expect to be overwhelmed with just how enjoyable, actually funny and heartwarming the film was in the end surpassing what I wanted from the trailers being a good action spectacle film and thatd be it but instead getting a *Fantastic* action spectacle film with great heart and actual character to it which just happened to have phenomenal animation on top of it .

Every single character was wonderful, Miles alone was a fantastic lead character with a great arc throughout his story, with all their chemistry being extremely snappy and well written with each of them bouncing off the other naturally and with great humor, a self aware tone not often captured by the other movies at least not to as effective a degree, between them making every scene a delight just to watch along with the stellar direction of each of them. Which is the same throughout the movie especially with flawless fight scenes with perfect choreography and cinematography with not a single fight less then spectacular all the while the art style making each fight feel unique and distinct from one another.

The ST was extremely different and actually memorable for a Marvel movie actually complementing the film well with many tracks fitting extremely well to make each scene impact feel much more weighty.

Importantly though this film captured everything that I wanted from Spider-Man as a character and concept with flawless execution from the music to the visuals to the characters overall just being a fantastic film being the best Marvel film I've ever seen and just a fantastic and fun film all around."
"This movie love all of the spider man movies, so I was expecting it to be good. However, this one took the cake. It should receive every award. Fresh vibe. Outstanding work of art.Amazing animation. Attention to every detail. Even the soles of Myle's shoes were perfectly done. (my sons feeling were hurt when I told it was not real) Great entertaining story line. Great ending. I will be seeing this movie again."
"Best movie spiderman ever. I love the animated, like watching comic."
We forgotten we did not include you to our crew credits but you still participated and don't worry your still a crew from this Studio its to late to edit a movie because we already uploaded the movie Our Apologies
"Wow! I Really Amazed by this movie Spider-Man and Miles Morales together is so cool! While I Still think that Spider-Man 2 from 2004 was still a Good Spider-Man movie After watching this movie Into to the Spider-Verse is Just Beautiful and Amazing Outstanding Animation looks of it!

I Think the Story is Very good. Miles Morales becomes the new Spider-Man besides the main guy Peter Parker of course. and We see Gwen Stacy and Spider-Ham guy looked funny. also Surprise Surprise Stan Lee! Makes an Appearance when talking to Miles. Sadly now that He Passed away now in a Better place...

Miles' Dad is a Police Officer doing his thing. and His mom is nice too. Overall I Highly Recommend this movie! if your a Big fan of Spider-Man. Great movie!"
"The soundtrack and the scene are very substance and fit well together. The combinaton of 2d cartoon and multiple d cartoon is very cool and i think it is very original. Every scenes have substance and very valuable, very worth it. I rewatch it and it is still amazing."
How this movie was not nominated for best picture still blows my mind
Spider-Man into the spider verse is a beautiful movie that deserves the praise that is get and more it has a spectacular soundtrack mind blowing visual and awesome Concepts it a movie that I would highly recommend for any moviegoer to see
"The animation is wonderful, the action too and the story is simple and good done. Every character has some moment and peter and miles actually evolve during the story."
"This movie does everything well. The characters are fleshed out and likeable, the jokes are hilarious, and the action is exciting. The animation during the final showdown is particularly impressive. What surprised me was the depth of emotion this movie evokes- some moments truly pulled at the heartstrings. For comic book/ animation fans, it's a must-see. Even if you're not a fan of those things, you'll still find humor and charm."
Probably the best animated film of all time as well.
"I watched this FINALLY after hearing some very positive feedback a month or two ago. I loved the movie as it was filmed with such a cool perspective helping to boost the character and indeed, this Spider-Verse. The storyline was dramatic, gripping, humorous, NEW, intelligent and overall just great. My only initial problem was as expected; going from real life pictures to animation was quite hard on the eyes BUT as time progressed they became accustomed towards it. I finished the movie in total awe and inspiration. Overall the movie had well thought out characters, an AMAZING soundtrack, superb visuals, an emotive storyline and was just all round fun to watch."
"The whole thing was superb, from the art to the story. Refreshing and I think this is now my favourite Spiderman movie. Loved the positive message and the humor."
"This is a treat of a movie. It is fun, it is exiting and it is beautifully colourful.

It is so efficient in every aspect. On the surface, it's a nice comic-book story, with a new Spiderman learning to deal with his powers, and at the same time taking over the mantle from the previous generation. Already a rich enough premise yet the movie keeps twisting it and turning it at every corner. Repeatedly the movie gleefully subverts expectations, and superhero tropes. And it works because, frankly it is well done, and because the movie is sufficiently self-aware that when it twists the story into something unrecognizable, it knows how to put it back. The subversion is not gratuitous; it is part of the narrative, and it leads to a satisfying ending.

Visually it is very bold. And I enjoyed the style very much. The movie tries this trick where at first it makes it a bit alien and bizarre, a bit jarring at times. But as the narrative goes forward, not only does it becomes more impressive and confident, and also more fluid. I enjoyed the visual style not only for being different but also because, just like the narrative, it stretches to the limits of the form until it comes back together.

Of course, the movie leans heavily on a very contemporaneous sensibility. In other words, it is very meta. It is rather explicit in the way it comments and references itself and its cultural place in the world. I enjoyed every minute of it, but it leaves to wonder how it will translate for future audiences. It is a minor nit-pick because the meta-text comes in addition to the action-adventure in my view.

Yet the movie does not pretend to be canonically accurate, or definitive. In a way, this movie is the perfect Spiderman for our time. It delivers both a Spiderman story and an anti-Spiderman story. It addresses the mythos of Spiderman. Who is Spiderman? And why is he worthy of interest? And it provides an answer. In a decade where comic book movies are ubiquitous, the movie goes beyond the established tropes and twists them, and that allows it to goes back to the original intent of these movies, which is joy, light fun, excitement, with a touch of gravitas that can reconcile varied audiences, young and old. The movie does that, not by being smart or technically proficient, but by being sincere and honest.

And that honesty is visible on screen. The movie is fully animated, but it does not feel fake or artificial. The impressive visuals and the innovative way the story is told is a celebration of Spiderman. It is an homage to the power of comic books. And it is a clever commentary on the film genre.

Personally I think this movie is the best film of the 2010s. It is the Lego Movie with an extra comic-book layer. It is Deadpool without the sarcasm. It is Logan without the pathos."
"This is certainly the best Animated Feature of 2018 and will be a shoe-in for the Best Animated Feature Oscar and is very much deserving of its Golden Globe nomination. The rendering of the animation is literally game-changing in this genre ... much as Toy Story wowed it's first audiences over 23 years ago. This is a true masterpiece in animated visual effects which makes you literally marvel that it's essentially a movie by SONY. Great story-telling and characterisation throughout. This movie has a pulsating visual and audio beat supplemented by a great urban sound-track. It's a deserving 10 out of 10. As a final tip, be sure to watch the credits to the end."
"2018 was the ""Spider-Year"" due to the arrival of two critically acclaimed media like this movie, the Marvel's Spider-man PS4 game and even the arrival of Avengers' Infinity War. It was the year were every normal and diehard fan of Spider-man was delighted with stories that not only respected the source material but modernised it not only in plot but also in style.

It's hard to point out the good things in this movie because it basically is a perfect picture for its genres. It's an incredible ground-breaking animated feature with jaw-dropping 2D/3D effects blend and a comic-pop art style that serves as basis of every little nuanced and subtle animation cue. It's an incredible story because, despit its whacky premise and supporting characters, it still tells a story that's relatable and well-realised. It's a faithful Spider-man story because while it make new choices regarding main protagonists and supporting characters that only comic book fans would know about, it still manages to tell a story about identity, about self-confidence, about acceptance and doing the right thing without being overwhelming.

The balance of tone, plot flow/pace, character arcs and action is so perfect that it leaves little to no room for mistakes. The quips land every time with a fresh and grounded comedic timing and jokes that never get tired because it's at the expense of the unbelievable scenarios presented. The city of New York is mesmerizingly well-realised and vibrant with an urban touch that matches the main character upbringing spectacularly well. No sequence is a waste, all of them serve a purpose to either the story or the character growth, from the school classes to the villain conversations. Going one by one would take an entire essay compiling from the very small details in the animation technique to the outstanding double entendres of many jokes and plot points.

However, it's worth mentioning that it is commendable not only the animation but the writting in this movie. Not only is the story self-aware and engaging but it's loyalty to not a single unique piece of source material but rather a mash-up of many different bits of the old and new Spider-man comics to create an entire new story that pays homage to past Spider-man movies and Tv shows as well as provide a very SPider-man-like story through another character that is based on a comic, is really honoring. The issues with recent Spider-man films were that despite how the core of the character and his world was well captured, the modifications to the characters and many of the quirks took the fans out of it and made them see through a different lense of ""acceptance"" but already seeing it as yet another interpretation of Spider-man. THis movie broke everything, it didn't give an interpretation it capture the most authentic Spider-man interpretation of not only Peter Parker's version but also the image there was of him as well as his failures while still introducing new characters in the most wholesome way. This movie pathed the legacy of Spider-man, it took aside its main character and the tired trope of seeing him learn from his uncle's death to see the same sort of message through a different character.

IN CONCLUSION, if your are a fan of animation here you'll find an outstanding stylised aesthetic worth analysing, if you are also a Spider-man fan you'll find new characters and a uniquely sefl-contained adaptation of a Spider-Man comic, all in all, a faithful-to-the-bone portrayal of what reading a Spider-man comic book feels like. As a diehard Spider-Man fan... You are in for a treat, a love letter from the writters, animators and comic book figures from Marvel that got involved in the project. This movie is not Sony doing Spider-man, is the creators, is Stan Lee, is everyone that ever cared for the old and the new Spider-man crafting a new, refreshing, aesthetically enhancing tale of a yet another kid like Spider-man that wants to follow his steps but also needs to find out who he is. Anybody can be Spider-man. And ""true believers"", here's a love letter for you."
"I've been waiting fot this movie since the first trailer came out. I've got fascinated by the animation style completely. Then I read the ""SpiderVerse"" conmic, I quite liked it. But the ""Spider-man: into the Spider-Verse"" appears to be so much better than I expected! First, the visual part. I've never seen this before. Some can say that it is a little shaper than we used to. But yhe colors and effects are so beyond the ordinary style, I was literally in love with it. Some scenes are reminded me about some abstract art paintings! I'm waiting now for the Documentary about the animation process in this piece. As for the plot, it's simple, yet effective. All the characters are likable and sympathetic. I fell in love with Mails, he's the perfect main character. To summarize, I highly recommend this movie to literally everyone. It's beautiful and fresh in the superhero-movie industry. My 10/10."
The art was amazing. The movie was funny. The story was fantastic. There was a ton of amazing action. And there was a Stan Lee cameo
"I was expecting it to be a 7 maybe an 8 out of 10 film based on the trailer but no this IS THE BEST MOVIE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN, from the animation to the storyline this film beats Infinity War by a milestone !"
"I wasn't too keen in watching this from the preview photos but i decided to watchit with the kids, wow surprised how good this film was!! Never has my nine year old boys sat through a two hour film in one sitting before. So we'll written and animated, well deserved the Oscar last night. Congratulations to all involved 👍🏾"
Cutting edge. Visually perfect. Hilarious. Perfectly cast. This is one of the best things I have ever seen. Ever. Incredible. Perfect.
"It has amazing animation, amazing characters, great twists and is a film worthy of any praise it deserves. It is truly THE best Spider-Man film so far and I am really excited for the sequel."
This is the best Marvel/Spider-Man movie to date. Full package!
"Was a very fun movie, loved all the characters (nostalgia kicking in since I've read the comics including Spider-Ham). If this style stays intact without corporate interference then I'm 100% on board seeing movies of each Spider hero and more.

Good job~"
"Spider verse is probably my all-time favourite movie. The animation, the story and everything is just so well done."
Loved It. I enjoyed watching this movie with my daughter. Great film.
"Nah, just kidding !! Awesome flick for the Spiderman franchise. The best superhero animation of 2018 hands down. C'mon, this movie plays Biggie smalls as a scene score...that's dope Son. Rewatch 100x

I like the pace of the film, and how each character was introduced. A Funny tear jerker, that added the element of family, friendship and acceptance. I wish it was 2hrs long, this movie needs a sequel !!! Make it happen....you will not be disappointed, trust all of the reviews on this"
"It's nothing like the previous Marvel shows. For me, the vibrant colours and creativity in this film is just out of this world, and now I'm thinking you know what? They should really start making all their Marvel shows this way. The soundtrack is brilliant. I'm not really a big hiphop fan but the music is just so cool and match the scenes so well. Big plus for me is that I can watch this with my kids comfortably knowing there aren't any too intimate scenes - and my kids love it too. Very fast-paced movie. Keeps you on your toes. Not excessively gory or violent either. Well done!"
"The story is sooooo messed up (in a good way), i like how it's different from other animated movies, perfect i love iiiiit 😍"
"Several moments the art moved me to tears. This is animation for the adults. I would recommend anyone to watch just for the graphics alone. Hard to find anything with the plot either - it is funny, witty, strong and very self-aware. Think Deadpool levels of self-awareness. One of the best films of 2018."
"One of the best movie I've ever seen!!! There are many marvel movies from sony,Marvel studio,and 20century fox but this movie is best!!! I think this spiderman series will be the best hero series ever~"
Okay so walking into this movie ill admit i didnt really know what to expect seeing as i just went do to high ratings and im gonna admit that the movie was good very good however that being said i thought the rough violence was more pg-13 then pg but it did warn so i say give it a chance just watch with small children
"Okay, I will watch this again. I don't care what CRITICS say, cuz they lie. BUT ... I know that REAL people love this. The animation though... I got to say, IS AWESOME! I wear glasses tho, so I thought at first I forgot to grab some 3D glasses but hey... it is REFRESHING to see a new ART STYLE that is not CGI dolls with huge eyes chasing a prince. This is like Hero Academia of SPIDER-MAN. Action and I love Gwen and Miles. I ship it. Only issue is... I hope in the sequel ... we get to see an animated DEADPOOL & SPIDER-MAN team up... and we get to see Gwenpool & Kidpool... team up with the Spider-Dudes.... C'mon, Deadpool can be PG13... let's see some Spiderpool! LMAO"
"The most visually stunning movie I can think of off the top of my head since Life Of Pi(I know it's not an animated movie but..). Blew my expectations away. The animations style is so cool to look at but it could definitely overwhelm certain people especially if they have certain health conditions. This is the epitome of a movie that could cause a seizure. I enjoy most the Spider-Man movies but this is my favorite Spider-Man ever and I don't say that lightly. This is a fun one for a ""mind vacation"""
"This movie was amazing to watch, had a great plot, and kept everyone engaged throughout the entire film. I highly recommend this movie. Some people are complaining about the animation, but it's supposed to be like that and look different. 10/10"
"I loved this movie so much, from its interesting story to likable characters, it's very entertaining. I especially loved the unique visual presentation of this film. A very unique style of animation and very visually pleasing! The only bad thing I could say about this movie is that it was a little too fast paced. Other than that, this movie really feels like a passion project and not just a corporate money maker. Awesome movie!"
"Great film, a must see by all. This is my favorite adaption of Spider-man."
"This should have been nominated for best picture. I'm honestly not joking.

Incentive. Artistic. Funny. Emotional. A movie with everything"
"As a big fan of spiderman I was expecting this to be crap and only went to please my son. This is definitely one of the best spiderman films I've seen after being put off by Toby Maguires spiderman and the Amazing spiderman(spiderman 2 was OK) Very well done and would recommend Old and new spiderman fans

Sony deserve a pat on the back"
"This movie is beyond a cartoon. This movie invented a new type of movie in a similar way Sin City brought graphic novels to life. This movie is fantastic. If you like Spider-Man or comic books even a little bit, it is a game changer for entertainment!"
"I approached this with some trepidation given I don't usually enjoy animations. This proved me wrong, best film I've seen in ages!!"
"""I'm going to miss him."" This is Stan Lee's speech after the death of Spider-Man. But the thing is Spiderman is still among us But Stan ""The Man"" Lee is not here

📣Spoiler Alert📣

The name of the Ashara dhara Shaon. Thieves do not burn potatoes. These two are our local proverbs. Basically, when we are impatient then the mother will carry these words.

But the poem of Shiva is good to make rice

This movie gave a different experience. The movie has a high level of excitement . Frequently thrilled. The movie expression was strong. The story as well as the music is very unique. The movie has made a lot of small details even more fun. Uncle Aron / Scrawler's character is enough to scare And the character of #King_Pin has been presented in a new perspective. As well as Doctor Octopus (Female Version) and Green Goblin

This movie lacks the flexibility, as well as the entertainment elements. The scenes of the movie float in the same way as the laugh of laughing.

Hopefully this #Sony_Pictures just got to understand how to create #Spiderman's different cinematic universes. This studio brought us two masterpieces are Venom and This one, frequently October & December.

This movie's #animation is a milestone. It seemed as if the characters as are in comic book page were moving. This thing is Very Very new Experiences While being a fan of #MCU, the Spiderman did not take back the scary again.

My rating: 10/10"
Easily one of my favorite animated films of all time.
"Went to see this movie intentionally knowing nothing about it - not even that it was all animated. Came away in awe of ""Into the Spider-Verse"". The all time best Spider-Man movie (and I've really liked some of the others). This is a feast for the senses of vision and hearing, with stunning artistry throughout. And don't forget to stay ALL the way through the credits at the end."
"I'm an avid movie watcher and I especially enjoy the under-the-radar animated movies produced by DC and Marvel. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse takes it to a whole new level. You must start with the perfectly crafted animations, then to the plot depth, and a soundtrack that is so magnificently intertwined into the movie. This is a true masterpiece. In my opinion it rivals the live action and is up their with the likes of Infinity War. I hope I'm not overselling it because I too was skeptical because of the great reviews, but IT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT!!"
"I rarely write reviews but this particular movie deserves all the reviews it can get because of three little words: I WANT MORE...And the only way to get more is to show Sony it's worth it..and boy is it well worth it! Loved it from beginning to end, and I see a bright future with this new type of jump off the page comic animation marvelverse..especially if Sony makes more deals with marvel to use xmen, avengers, hulk, and the lot of em! If they're smart they will, this can be a total separate division that will make them billions if seize on this properly"
"This cartoon is wonderful, entertaining and suitable for everyone. Really a real stroke of genius for the plot and characterization of the characters."
"Where do I start? I'm a fan of superhero movies but spiderman is my least favorite superhero... or was until I saw this movie. Spider-man into the spider-verse is a technical marvel, filled with jaw-breaking animations and incredible fight sequences. The story is great and the pacing is perfect, it didn't drag not even once and that surprised me for an animated movie thanks to great voice acting from all casts. In conclusion, This is easily the best spiderman movie of all time and might be the best animated feature of this decade. Go see it and behold the marvel."
"There have been a lot of Spider-man movies.

Just within the past fifteen years we've had three separate Spider-men in three different franchises. Everyone knows his origin story- (bit by radioactive spider, uncle Ben, with great power, date Mary Jane or Gwen Stacy, bla bla bla). Everyone knows his enemies (Green Goblin, Doc Ock, Venom, Vulture, or the malicious Blue Man Group member that Jamie Foxx played in ""Amazing Spiderman 2""...). As much as I like Spider-man (I'd say he's probably my favorite superhero) I do think that Spider-man's presence in pop culture has become a bit ubiquitous (all superheroes have, but Spidey seems to get the reboot treatment more than most). Before I went to go see this movie, I found myself asking the question: do we really need another version spider-man?

Apparently we did. We really did.

I never expected to be so excited about this, but I was. Honestly, I loved it so much that I'd recommend this movie to everyone. While this movie follows the tried and true superhero formula it does it in a way that is so tongue in cheek that it still feels incredibly refreshing. Aside from that, this movie is groundbreaking in terms of animation- it's worth seeing for that alone. It's a brilliant superhero film; heck, it's just a brilliant movie. This film dethrones ""Incredibles 2"" as my pick for Best Animated film of 2018.

For our full review of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and hundreds of other reviews, articles, and podcast episodes visit us at True Myth Media!"
"I've never liked the Spidey films until this one. Makes me wish Marvel would make a LOT more animated movies, and treat them with this level of thought, care and exceptional delivery."
"How could you hate this movie. Fascinating art style, a cool story, voice acting on point. A good story of representation, showing anyone could be a hero, while also being a great superhero movie. Can't wait for the sequel."
"From the animation to the humour I adore this movie. The animation is mind blowing, it's beyond words. The comic style animation works great with this film and it was quite a risky move but it paid off. Everything in this film was polished to it's best. The jokes are just hilarious not one time did I not laugh with them when they wanted me to, I think I speak for everyone in the screening. One negative was that some moments really shouldn't of had rap music over them as it just killed the mood. At moments this film really touched me on a personal level and I'm just so confused about how this film does everything amazingly. I don't care if you like Spider-Man or not you NEED to see this film."
"Wow. This was a feat on multiple levels. (1) The animation style - I've never seen anything like it. While it takes a bit getting used to, the animation makes you feel like you're reading a comic book. (2) The story - My biggest concern going in was how the filmmakers would explain the concept of multiple parallel universes to audiences without bogging down the plot. Somehow...they did it (3) Honoring Spider-Man - despite none of the spider-people being the Peter Parker shown in other films, there was an element to each character that made one feel that they were, indeed a Spider-person. The cameos and references to Spider-Man canon made the film especially fun for longtime fans. (4) A Good Movie - It's a refreshing take on not only Spider-Man, but the superhero genre as a whole. It's got comedy, drama, action and heart.

Lord & Miller have done it again!"
"I was blown away, for someone who's never seen a spider-man film i was drawn in, i even got emotional at one point, that's how good the film is, there wasn't a boring bit and i don't think that anything could be improved, graphics were incredible, it's as if you can watch any marvel film without watching the previous one and still enjoy it"
"What Christopher Nolan achieved with The Dark Knight, Sony Pictures Animation has done with Spider-Man. This is a perfected masterpiece that takes animation and the superhero genre to a new level that for many is just UNHEARD OF. Containing bold, striking, and visually stunning animation, a powerful story about growing up and accepting who you are, memorable and inspiring characters, action that works in all the right ways, and voice actors that really shined here, this is one of those films you need to see ONCE in order to FUNCTION in this world."
"I know this isn't a 10/10 movie but it is at least a 9.5, the trailer doesn't do this movie justice, the plot, the character development, and the comedy are incredible! A must see!"
"With gorgeous animation, a killer soundtrack, and a refreshing new take on the webhead; this is the best Spider-Man movie yet - and one of the years best films."
"Absolutely stunning visuals, great music choices and good comedy. Only complaint i have is the pacing of the movie can feel weird at times especially when miles just masters his powers with one speech from his dad. Kind of unbelievable the people who made the emoji movie created something this good."
"Plot, characters, animation style, music. It's all so well done. You won't be disappointed as you watch this story blow you away"
"I did not expect Spiderverse to be this good! I don't know how Sony made this and the Emoji Movie but it doesn't matter because this movie is amazing. I absolutely adore the art style of this movie. It's truly one of the most visually stunning movies I've ever seen with bright, vibrant colors, so much detail in every corner and ir really feels like a comic book movie coming to life, which I initially thought would be distracting but it's one of the best parts of the movie.

The writing for this movie is spectacular as well. Miles is a really well written main character that is relatable and his school issues as well as his relationship with his dad and uncle and his struggle in becoming Spider-Man is written so realistically and you really feel for him, I genuinely feel for this teen and it's so satisfying when he becomes Spider-Man. Peter B Parker and Gwen are also written incredibly well with their own struggles and I love how they did not make Gwen a love interest. They gave her actual problems and personality. Even the villain, Kingpin, gets an understandable motivation but is still a threat and you want him dead!

The action scenes are so amazing as well! They are so fast-paced, easy to follow, creative and animated so well. I don't know how they did it. They each feel different ans even though there's a lot going on, it's easy to follow. This movie is also so funny! Combined with the quick timing, the comic book vibe and great voice acting, this is a movie that made me laugh so many times. The story itself is also a great coming-of-age with genuine emotional beats that I will not spoil and has clear threats and is well-paced and structured ans the soundtrack is absolutely spectacular and I'm not even a fan of rock music.

I have some minor complaints though. I wish characters like Peni Parker and Spider Noir got more development and I think at times the movie focused too much on the characters instead of the main threats at time but this is still one amazing movie! It's creative, imaginative, well-written, funny, has amazing action and is not just one of the best Spider-Man movies, not just one of the best superhero movies but also one of the best animated movies of all time"
"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse has become a cult classic. Released by Sony Pictures, who is infamous nowadays for dropping bad movies left and right, this is one of the rare instances where they release a winner (and by winner, I mean this film won the Academy Award, Annie Award, and Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature).

The film focuses on Miles Morales, a troubled kid who is bitten by a spider after helping his Uncle Arron with a graffiti tag. After witnessing his world's Spider-Man being killed trying to stop Green Goblin open a multidimensional portal with the aid of The Kingpin, Miles will have to take his mantle to save his world from being destroyed. Thankfully, he gets help from five other Spider-heroes from five different dimensions who need to get home.

A stand-alone movie not connected to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, this film makes use of more characters, even obscure characters like Spider-Ham. The animation is designed to the point where you feel like you're inside a comic book, complete with word bubbles and the action bubbles. With a good voice cast, a good mix of action and comedy, and even an awesome soundtrack, this is a must watch for any fan of the webslinger."
"This entire film is a love letter, not only for the fans, but for all of Spider-Man. 2018 was the year for the Web-Slinger himself, but this isn't another Parker story, this is the story of Miles Morales. The themes of Self Identity and where we can differentiate Him with the other Spider-Men is heart of the film as it establishes this Miles as his own self, rather than another Peter clone in the Ultimate/Prime Universe(Of the Comics). The Comedic Relief didn't feel far off Noir portrayed by Nic Cage is a highlight, Peter Porker is a cartoon character what you'd expect and Peni Parker with Sp//dr (i prefer the Evangalion design of the original.) The Animation superb, The score and Soundtrack ultimately fitting (although some complain about the use of Scared in the Dark and yes it did feel off, but it didn't bother me that much. And one of note who disliked the soundtrack overall and preferred the score to be kept thought.), I have no complaints, i say this is the film to surpass Raimi's Spider-Man 2 from 2004."
"I absolutely loved this film, while a few things were predictable such as the uncle :( RIP, the rest of the film was just fantastic... Awesome music soundtrack and really immersive story line and visuals were... MMHHHH AMAZING!! A must watch, inspiring, emotional and relaxing in the same movie???!?!??!"
"I've never written a review before but I couldn't resist writing one for this movie cuz it deserves all the praise and time I'll put into writing the review: When I started watching it, I thought there wasn't enough time for all the superheroes to have defining moments and WOW to my surprise every spider-character/person was given enough time for you to fall in love with. The main villain also isn't one directional but rather complicated; had a reason for the collider and also a reason to hate all Spider-People. Man the animation was superb- great visuals, fighting styles were spectacular ( cuz every spidey character had his/her unique fighting style) , the jokes were on point and to top it of the movie had HEART and all this were culminated in less than two hours, I give this movie a 10 cuz they delivered the pinnacle of what a super hero origin story should be, no more no less. I rest my case."
Nothing I can say that hasn't been beaten into the ground by everyone else.
"Leap of faith.

I'll keep this short and just wanted to say that this was the closest to a perfect Spider-Man movie ever. God tier animation with creativity sprouting from every angle. What's better than comic book? Animation with comic style. All the characters were cool and I pretty much loved every single one of the spider.

The only thing that kept this from being perfect was the ending sequence, which wasn't executed to the best possible way. However, it didn't bother me that much.

Overall, amazing. 9.5-10/10."
"This is one of my favorite comic book movies, it's some of the best humor, incredible emotion, amazing acting, and gorgeous animation.

And the story is original and interesting and the characters are just so funny.

A+."
"""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is a living and breathing comic book that has come to life with a completely new and unique style of animation. The characters are perfect and the direction is a force of nature. If you like comic books, you need to check this out.

Miles Morales is a teenager that does not quite fit in. He is pulled between two worlds, then after being at the wrong place at the wrong time he is thrust into a 3 world- that of the Spider-Men. Without spoiling things, he teams up with Peter Parker Spider-Man, Spider-Woman (Spider-Gwen!), Spider-Ham, Noir, and others as they need to work together to save the world (multiple worlds!)

I can not wait to see where they go from here!"
"Voice cast is so freaking funny, gosh darn it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This movie is amazing. I can't find fault with any of it. The soundtrack is one of the best. It is emotional and funny, with every character bringing something special to the story. It is respectful to the history of spiderman while making room for a new iteration of the character. Plus, I love Miles, I think he's the perfect hero for New York City."
"I have been a Spider-Man super fan all my life, I have a shrine to prove that. I have always been picky about my Spider-Man ""comic to life"" movies and this is no exception. This movie is phenomenal, it captures everything Spider-Man man stands for, and the fact that it brought all our favorite spider-people (with the exception of Ben Reilly) out of all the many Spider-Man movies out there, the is the second best Spider-Man movie of all time (#1 is Spider-Man NWH.) If you like Spider-Man or are just getting into this is an amazing place to start!"
"This movie's a marvel to watch (pun intended) everything about this comes together: the story, characters, effects and pacing. It's interesting to see Miles Morales as the new Spider-Man after the traditional is killed by Kingpin(Liev Scriber) in an attempt to revive his wife and son. Knowing this'll destroy their world, he teams up with alternate versions of himself to avert the crime lord's plan.

The animation is amazing to watch. It's like a blend of cel and claymation. Just a weird fusion that works out well in the end.

The characters have well defined personalities and play well off each other. Miles is the typical anxious yet determined teen with big shoes to fill. We can all relate to that, we've all felt like there's been a huge weight on our shoulders and that the odds are always stacked against us in one way. That's what I see in Miles.

The alternate is a shell of his former self but still has a heart. The other characters such as Fisk and Hobie are compelling too. While what the former did's not right, it's understandable.

I also like Sony's sense of humor. There're a lot of Easter eggs in this movie and it's fun trying to find them all.

Into the Spider-Verse is well, written, directed and acted movie that anyone can enjoy, fan or not. If you like action and heart, you'll definitely get that here. Swing on in and see for yourself."
"Honestly enjoyed it more than avengers infinity war, in my personal opinion anyway."
Forgot the live action Spider-Man's - this animation is amazingly entertaining. And the soundtrack is lit !
"First, take: I loved this movie. On a simple front its a Great, wholesome, genuine take on the iconic comic character that has a lot of heart and laughs. More in-depth though it's a deeply good story of taking a leap in life. Pushing beyond boundaries and becoming something big, something you can do no matter what or who you are. It has a. Real charm to the animation, a visual comic. Colorful as hell, creatively over the too, yet also smooth in its action and sharp in its wit. There is a lot to get into here, so let's do it.

The acting: All across the board solid. Every character has their own personality. From loners and outcasts to caring and composite father figures, to brave friends. Everyone has their time to make the viewers laugh and even cry, all the wide array of voice talent makes this all the truer. Even Nicholas Cage is genuine in this, playing this dark, brooding, noir version of Peter Parker, in a way a critique of overly edgy stories usually found in this subgenre.

The writing: Sharp as a tack. It has a fair dose of heart and humor. The heart is portrayed from family love to friendship, to bravery. The humor is portrayed from light-hearted, to even meta and satire. All comes in just when it needs to and never stays too long. The dialogue also always helps it.

The Directing: Same with the writing, on point. A good deal of prediction came into this, getting all of the angles and cutting right, making everything always feel quick yet smooth, well paced and never slow. It appears like a visual comic, literally, with the word bubbles and the bursts of bright light and flashing color. It all works together with each little interval. Some of the shots are stunning, most of them leap off.

The Animation:

It's everywhere. The characters are drawn with the top-notch expression and flowing movements. Calm and then hyper. Keeping the focus on what the charters are doing, and this is never hard to make out. Also, again, the color, everywhere in this one.

The story: It's been told before sure, but like any old story, there is always potential to do something with it and this movie does. Combines with all the shared universe elements, breaking out of boundaries seems far more at home with itself. This world seems the right place to do it, as anywhere is. It seems its own place of imagination. Almost private, and when we see that change happens in the end, we that point of becoming this fantasy happens, we get behind it, young and old. All the needed emotional moments are their and effective as always. Even if the story has been told, it is still working.

Final take: This movie was basically perfect. Everything worked here. It was precisely put together, stunning to look at, fun to watch, likable in its story and its education all across the board. A fun film for all really."
"A complete movie in all the aspects perfect storyline, interesting screenplay and has everything a Marvel fan would love to see."
"When I thought I was done with Spider-Man origin stories, this film comes out. Who else loves a good multiverse movie?

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a movie that pokes fun at the franchise while paying it homage. The movie is great for first-time watchers and lifelong fans. There are great comedic and some emotional moments that stay with you long after the film.

Characters' portrayals are amazing. Everyone's actions and motivations are relatable and understandable as well. The audience is able to connect with any character better than most movies I've seen.

Did I mention how beautiful the film is? The visuals and soundtrack go hand in hand. This decision to animate this movie like a comic book is well appreciated. Also loved the great variation style/sound with each character. It's amazing how the soundtrack blends with each character.

5/5. Definitely deserves its place among one of the best Spider-Man movies out there.

PS: Amazing post-credit scene btw. I LOL'd"
I have always been a fan of anything Spider-Man. So when this came out I had to see it. I jumped out of my bed with angst during the epic battles and it even has a lot of heart too. Must see
"Way to go, this is how every Marvel movies should be, it's just perfekt."
"This film bought a comic book to life, absolutely brilliant, and whoever done the music/soundtrack deserves an award. Perfect....."
"So with the new Spider-Man Miles Morales Video game coming out, I thought this would be a good time to watch the much acclaimed film Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse and review the film. It is funny, when this film came out I was against going to the cinema to watch and animated film so today is the first time I have ever watched this film and here is my review for it. The premise of the film sees a teenager granted the powers of Spider-Man and must unite with five Spider-Powered heroes from other dimensions to stop a threat to every universe.

Main Character Shameik Moore plays Miles Morales and I thought he was fantastic here, Miles is just such a likeable character, the film does a great job in making you care about him and want him to succeed throughout. This is the first Spider-Man film to focus on Miles and it is done wonderfully, Moore adds humanity to this role and despite it being an animated character you feel the humanity and how well rounded he is as a character to make this one of the best main characters in a superhero film you will see.

Supporting Characters There is a long list of supporting characters here, Jake Johnson plays Peter B Parker and he is so good here, this is a really interesting take on the character and something we have never seen on the screen. He is more of a burnt out veteran and seeing his dynamic with Miles is really cool and you see just how much both of them need each other and it is a nice story arc. Hailee Steinfeld plays Gwen Stacy and she also does a good job, her friendship with Miles is a nice part of the film and makes her more likeable, again they do something unique with her character and it fleshes her out and adds something fresh to that character. But my favourite character might be the fact that Nicolas Cage, yes that Nicolas Cage plays Spider-Man Noir and he is brilliant, he is so cool and Cage is clearly loving playing this part and he is a really interesting cool character that I want and need to see more of in the future. Liev Schreiber plays Kingpin and this is a really interesting antagonist, it would have been really easy to make him this by the numbers generic villain, but they don't, they really flesh his character out and make him interesting, his motivations are actually relatable in some weird way which really rises the film up. Chris Pine, Mahershala Ali & Brian Tyree Henry all do really good in there roles too.

Story The story is really interesting and makes some bold choices, it isn't afraid of getting dark in order to tell a more rounded story and it helps it stay fresh. There is alot going on here, but it never feels like too much, everything is important here and all the characters are interesting and well written and that is mainly due to the care and depth that they are given. The plot is fresh and tells an interesting story with these different Spider-Men to build a new world that I really want to see more of with sequels and spinoffs.

Script The script is fantastic, this film has plenty of humour and a lot of references to the live action Spider-Man films which was nice to see. But there was also plenty of heart and emotion in this film and when you consider this film to be a family film it is pretty dark and adult which was a great choice for me and made this film accessible for more Spider-Man fans then ever.

Style The style of the film is superb, the animation style is so vibrant and colourful that it really stands out. At times it looks like a comic book bought to life and there isn't really anything like it around. The action scenes are great and really feel true to the Spider-Man mythos and will be a film for new generations which older fans will love too.

Overall Overall, this is and important movie, I honestly cannot believe how good this film is, it is honestly one of the greatest comic book movies ever made and if you haven't seen this film then you must see it as soon as possible. For many this is there introduction to Miles Morales and this can be a great Black hero that can be an inspiration for a new generation that might even see him as the main Spider-Man in the future which is exciting times.

Rating - 10/10."
"When I first saw this movie announced, I was skeptical. And by skeptical I mean I didn't care at all and forgot about it. But boy was I wrong. I love spidey but don't really care about the MCU, and this sure is a treat for any Spider-Man fan. Firstly, and most importantly, this movie has absolutely some of the finest, most impressive visuals I have ever seen in an animated film. There are tons of different art styles on display and it's a barrage of swirling color and sharp animation work. The character design is flawless - from the various spider-people to the excellent Doc Ock (who's a woman), Kingpin, and my personal favorite, the prowler. Speaking of The Prowler, who is by far the best character in the film, the scenes he's in are mostly intense, large scale chase scenes (there's an excellent homage to The Dark Knight when he gets on his motorcycle) and he is an intimidating and genuinely menacing character (although so is this Kingpin). Also speaking of Prowler, the score and soundtrack to this movie are excellent. You've probably heard the soundtrack, consisting of great rap songs by some of the biggest names in the game right now. But the score is the unsung hero, specifically the sound design used for Prowler's scenes. Here, a sampled elephant call is warped and twisted into a ridiculously cool and terrifying sound that plays whenever Prowler is near. It's amazing at all other parts too, don't get me wrong, this is just the clear highlight. The plot is immediately engrossing, incredibly emotional, and very, very well written, from the screenplay to the clever dialogue. I'm a huge horror movie fan who almost exclusively watches horror movies, but this movie is just absolutely stunning. My ONLY complaint is that I wish Prowler got more screen time."
Spider-Man into the spider verse was actually the best spiderman movie that I saw today with dad . I think that everyone should go to see it for them selves
It is a sublime experience; the animation is surprisingly spectacular and the plot is very entertaining; it is the best movie from Sony Pictures Animation. TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!
There are no words to describe how wonderful this movie is!
Big Circle dad Big Circle mad Big Circle sad Big Circle bad
Well done! I think anyone of any age could enjoy this film! The humor and the ideology of modern family with a super hero in it! Would love to see a Sequel or perhaps introduce him into the real Spider-Man movies!
"I'll say what everyone else said: this is like watching a comic book come to life. The visuals are amazing, the storyline is innovative, the soundtrack is spot-on, the characters and their progression are flawless, everything just works. If you don't like this movie, it's probably because you don't get a lot of the references and subliminal jokes and jabs; I've been reading spiderman comics my whole life, and was delighted to see so many alternate versions of the spider person represented on-screen. I'm also an avid animation fanatic, and even animate some myself. To see so many styles and artistic designs fused together in a seamless, comic book way is breathtaking. I wasn't expecting so much from this movie, I honestly wasn't even excited to see it. But when the credits rolled, I pushed back from the edge of my seat, brushed the popcorn off my shirt, and said ""excelsior"". Thanks for a great movie, Sony. I'm in awe."
"Amazing. Spectacular. Sensational. Superior. These words have all been used to describe the character of Spider-Man. They can all ALSO be used to describe 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse'. The film follows young Miles Morales who, after being bitten by a radioactive spider (sound familiar?), starts on his thrilling journey to becoming the new Spider-Man! Along the way he encounters several alternate, dimension-displaced versions of Spidey. These Spider-People include an older, jaded Peter Parker, Spider-Gwen, Spider-Man Noir, Spider-Ham (Yes, he's a pig), and Peni Parker (along with her biomechanical suit called SP//dr). The story is uplifting, inspiring, and hilarious, with the message that ""Anyone can wear the mask"". The animation style is unlike anything I've ever seen before. The film looks like a comic book come to life, and it was captivating and mesmerizing to watch. It really is a ""comic book movie""! I left the theater feeling like I had just witnessed something truly special. The cast and characters were all FANTASTIC, but my favorites were Spider-Ham and Spider-Gwen. The villains were all menacing and intimidating, which I feel is rare in an animated film. The music was also incredible and complimented the film PERFECTLY. In conclusion, 'Into the Spider-Verse' is an emotional story about believing in yourself and becoming who you were meant to be, regardless of any obstacles that may be in your way. It doesn't matter who you are or where you come from...you can be a hero. YOU could wear the mask. It is not only the best Spider-Man movie thus far, it's my new favorite animated film and one of the greatest comic book movie's of all-time."
"Despite being touted as a Lord/Miller return project, with what seems to be little of their actual involvement, the real star is the incredible editing and overload of visual styles and the completely relatable and believable (but not forced) characterisation of mixed-race star of Miles Morales. Into the Spider-Verse is (obviously) a hilarious, creative, exciting, surprising and engaging elseworld fusion and re-invention of Spider-Man, and while they had to go animated to give a mixed-race Spider-Man his due (and some strong, feminine, and different female characters as well), it may have completely done Morales justice. Free of the shackles of Raimi's live-action post-9/11 America-pandering version of Spider-Man, Spider-Verse is allowed to make something clever out of the whole time-paradox-rebootquel trend popularised by 2009's Star Trek - except here it's deftly handled, gentle and most of all, fun; rife for easter eggs and appropriate fan-service; I for one, actually cheered, when I saw the videogame costume in the lair, and the bubbles and comic styles all just gel. The voice cast is superb, for this reason: they are all great actors but the characters felt entirely like characters, and unlike something from Dreamworks where the characterisations hinge entirely on you recognising the actor's star power, in Spider-Verse I never felt the need to it half way through, I just felt how real these people were. My girlfriend, at the tease of the other Spider-People, said, with a real surprise and light in her eyes: ""There's a female Spider-Man??!!"" and I realised that I took for granted that I already knew who Spider-Gwen was, and also how powerful it was to see her, and how little I cared whether the Spider-Person was in fact a man or not. In-fact I'd kill to see a live-action Spider-Woman film. So this film is truly one for fans and one for noobs, and that's rare, I think my partner would have loved it even without me pointing out that I owned the Spider-Noir comic book and without pointing out that, yes, Wilson Fisk is that big in the comics (sometimes), or a myriad of little things that I don't know how I know. More impactful than anything for me though was that the final fight, when he's all 'alone', was the most tense end fight in the usually predictable, numbing and inevitable superhero final fights. Whereas by the end of most superhero films, the hero has built himself up to win, in Verse, Miles has only just got himself ready to start, in a film that starts with the actual killing of a universe's Spider-Man, you really don't know what it can do, and with a Miles Morales who has only just found himself, and who's an actual kid instead of a thirty-something-year old actor playing a kid, it's nail-biting stuff. I read an article about how the Spider-Man from the start is the idealised version of Spider-Man, the brand version; perfect, the whole of everything, unrealistic, unreachable. And where that Spider-Man could do it all, it takes the team of Spider-People from different universes, each with their different skills to come together and support each other. More pointedly, The Peter B Parker (B for Ben?) is the hero we can be, he's flawed, he has the same problems as we do, he's neither immaculate, nor immune to the trappings of life, he's the flawed hero, and he's from the main Marvel universe. 'Our' universe. I think that's quite powerful, and certainly a bold decision and one we may never see in a Spider-Man film ever again."
"""We're the Spider...uh...Gang!""

Here I am, coming very late to the party. When this movie was announced, I was less than enthused, oh yay, a random Spider-Man animated movie. Expectations were not high. Then this thing exploded upon the world to great exclaim. I had to finally see it for myself, and I can gleefully report that it is amazing, spectacular and all the other spider-adjectives combined.

Spider-Man was my initial gateway into comics, so I am very pleased the character is given the respect he is worthy of here. This movie has the look and feel of the best Marvel comics. The animation is perfect. The script has all the Spidey-snark we know and love, but also so much heart and joy and wonder and awe. I think the world was pleasantly taken by surprise by this movie.

Basically, whoever crafted this work of art should have all the studio bucks thrown at them to produce more like this.

One last thing: It fills me with joy to know that Spider-Ham now has an Oscar on his mantel!"
"I put this movie away for quite some time. Neglecting it due to some unknown reason that may have something to do with my ignorance on the Spider-Verse world. I bit the bullet and damn. I was blown away.

The art, cinematography, direction, script, acting, just all superb. This is one of the best. There's a thing to learn from this and one thing I learned myself from all this is ignorance of letting this movie get by for so long without giving it a chance. That appears to be one of the messages provided as a dialogue in this movie and quite possibly the premise.

Don't let this movie go by. Watch it. YOU WON'T REGRET IT."
It's a great movie that was worth watching.Stan Lee would be proud if he watched the response
Just wow... what a movie! Loved everything about this. Definitely a win for Marvel. Hope the keep coming out with animation style movies like this.
Heard this was good but wasn't expecting much. Within the first few minutes I knew it was going to be a good one. The graphics alone were amazing! The colours kept my 2 year olds attention the entire movie and my 12 year old didn't once speak throughout the film (that's a first). This by far tops all Spiderman movies I have watched.
"Normally whenever there is an introduction to a new alter-ego for a superhero we all know and love, it is often met with backlash. No one can accept Dick Grayson as Batman, Calvin Ellis as Superman, Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel, Wally West as The Flash - the list goes on. And Spider-Man is one of, if not the most popular and likeable superheroes out there. So in such a condition replacing our beloved Peter Parker with some new random guy could have been a disastrous idea. But not only did this movie take the risk, we're glad it did.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is the kind of a superhero animated movie I wanted to see - one with traditional animation done in the style of stereoscopic 3D, with continuous symbols of glitches. Personally I consider watching two superhero movies to be the most connected with watching a comic - Zack Snyder's Justice League and this. And out of the two ZSJL feels more like some painting more than an actual comic, so this one takes the cake for it. The speech bubbles, the panel swipes, the colour splashes; everything make this movie look like watching a Spider-Man comic come to life.

Personally I'm all in for the diversity in the characters. Normally I am annoyed when diversity is their only trait. When such a character is added just for the sake of existing, it just makes it look like a wasted effort, and what makes worse is that we can't even point it out without upsetting some people. Miles Morales, however, absolutely does not feel the same. The kind of a person he is, the way he turns into Spider-Man and meets the other heroes to learn more about who and what he is, everything seems to come out naturally.

The story is very well thought out, which is also another reason why it feels so natural. If I were given to introduce a character and bid farewell to the renowned one, I could have never done it as well as this did. It introduced many different types of Spideys, made us feel emotions for all of them, had us sympathise with the bad guys all the while making us laugh and cheer at the fights. See this is exactly what I'd want from a comic book movie, especially a superhero one. It should not just be, but actually feel like we are immersed into the environment, even though it is an animated movie.

My favourite character in this movie was Spider-Noir. He was hilarious as a detective, always talking about everything like it is supposed to be a mystery. He also looked cool, so there's also a plus to that. Then I also liked Miles Morales himself. Whatever the movie was wanting me to feel for him, I did so. As he builds his character development from being a clumsy teenager to the most powerful Spidey, it was a spectacle to watch.

I really wish to see more of these. Miles Morales is already one of my favourite characters now, so even if in future he slowly replaces Peter Parker as the face of Spider-Man, I won't feel bad about it. The recent PS5 game, if I hadn't watched the movie, wouldn't have received my interest no matter however good it was, since I would never accept anyone else as my Spider-Man. It really seems to be a great time to be a Spidey-fan. I hope it lasts long."
"I have to admit going into the cinema I was a little sceptical but going out of the cinema all I wanted to do is read up all about miles morales!

Great movie and one of the best of the year"
"This was very cool. Because it had lots of cool characters, and funny ones. It had, Spider-Man, Black Spider-Man, Spider-Gwen, Spider-Pig, and more. And it as some funny parts in the movie. Very clever. It's like we're watching the LEGO Movie all over again :)"
After the original remi one this is so good you be silly to miss it
"Last year, I said that ""Spider-Man: Homecoming"" was the best Spider-Man movie ever. I was wrong. This is! It has the perfect amount of action, drama, and comedy. Allegedly, the directors, Phil Lord and Chris Miller, were fired from the Han Solo movie because their vision was ""too comedic."" This movie proves they can balance drama and comedy perfectly, and I'm hoping this film opens the floodgates for them with other studios wanting to hire them. The animation took some getting used too as it is computer-animated, but meant to look like a comic book not quite completely CGI, but not quite completely hand-drawn either. What was clever about this very unique animation style was in certain close-up shots you could see the little dots that you would see in the pages of a comic book if you zoomed in with a magnifying glass. This movie already blew my mind, but if it had come out when I was 6, it would have blown my mind even more so. This is the Spider-Man movie I would have wanted as a kid, and I can't help but feel jealous of kids today who are my age when the original Spider-Man movie came out in 2002. The backstories for the various Spider-people are told very well, and even if you're not familiar with all the various iterations of the character, you still don't feel lost. (and this movie barely scratches the surface of the Spider-Man lore. There are still many, many, versions of Spider-Man that can be touched on, and I look forward to seeing them in the sequel). This is perfect for kids and adults! If this is not nominated for an Oscar next year, something is wrong with the Academy. There was absolute nothing about this movie to complain about! Grade: A+ 10/10 5/5 stars"
"I was skeptical of this movie after watching the trailers, but the overwhelming positive reviews convinced me to check it out anyway. I'm glad I did, as this movie is basically perfect for a Spider-Man fan. The animation is stylistic and cool, the music and voice acting is great, and the story manages to be somehow coherent while juggling all of the craziness. There's lots of content throughout the movie for fans of the comics, but one can go into it with no knowledge of any of it and still have a good time.

In all, I highly recommend seeing this amazing movie. It is absolutely spectacular."
"I fell in love with Tom Holland as Spider-Man and have been unimpressed with Sony recently, so I was incredibly apprehensive about seeing this. But WOW what a film. It was visually stunning, with all the wit and fun you'd expect from Spidey. My only tiny criticism is that at times I wondered whether I should have been wearing 3d glasses for the background and more surreal shots, but the world was beautiful and unique, so it's more stylised than wrong.

Loved it. And Noir was ACE! What incredible voice casting to put Cage in hahaha was not expecting that!!

Seriously, you have to go see this! 10/10 I'm definitely going to see this again before it leaves the big screen!"
"When I firstly watched the trailer of it, I was really surprised, I didn't expected new animated film about Spider Man. When I watched it, my first reaction was: WOW! Firstly, the plot is interesting, it based on story of Miles Morales, it shows different Spiders from Multiverse. It's looks very new and fresh. Secondly, the animation technic is wonderful, it's new and takes a lot of time to create it. Thirdly, it has a lot ""easters"" to all Marvel Multiverse. So, it's one of the best animation for many years."
"A feast for the human eye and mind, everyone working on this project can be proud of the result.

Every thought of criticism I have in mind, I can't utter, because the positive sides outweigh them so much.

Also, to my surprise, I got emotional during the end of the movie, because I could empathize with the message of it and this feeling combined with the great visuals really got to me."
I took my little sister with me to watch this because she is an aspiring artist herself and she loved the style of the animations in the trailer. It was so beautifully made and the addition of all the different kind of Spider-Mans is so cool and gives it a very interesting storyline. I love seeing the diverse representation in the movie.
"325. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. I'm going to label it as my favorite Spider-Man movie so far. It looked like a comic book and it felt like a comic book, Nic Cage is in it, and it also deals with one of my fave sci fi subjects multiple universes! Yep so in one of these universes, Spider-Man is battling Kingpin at a particle accelerator, ya know those things that scientists use to possibly create another big bang, or in this case open a doorway to other worlds that coincidentally have their own versions of Spider-Man, but oh yea, back to the point...Spoiler... Spidey loses his fight with Kingpin this day, and also loses his life, and the world mourns. However coincidence strikes again, the same day Spidey dies, a radioactive spider bites Miles Morales and replaces Peter Parker, harsh right?? However, due to the little crossing of the streams at the particle accelerator, a whole bunch of rad versions of the webbed vigilante is stuck here giving the new Spider-Man a very quick course in being a superhero!! A refreshing take on a story that's been done numerous times, and look forward to its inevitable inferior sequel. Filmbufftim on FB."
"In an overcrowded and oversaturated mess of superhero movies, Its easy to overlook Spiderman Into the Spiderverse and pass it off as ""just another silly superhero movie"" but this movie is really in a league of its own. Fantastic animation that blends countless art styles into one beautiful picture and an amazing story that really explores some of the uncharted territories in character development when it comes to an origin story."
"I'm out of words. I came across this movie when a group of cgi people discussed the lower frame rate. Added for a reason. That the frame rate would increese as our hero grows into his full potentional... does one have to say anything more?

I pressed play and instantly fell in love. Best film I watched in a long time, hands down. An instant favorite!"
"The fact (yes, its a fact) that any frame of this movie can be a poster talks about the quality of the movie. But not only the animation is excellent and mind-blowing, the story is also great, very cool way to introduce to normal audiences concepts like the spider-verse and different dimensions with spider-mans. I have watched it a couple of timed and everytime I see it it always manages to make ma laugh. It is simply great."
"Such an amazing story and message, not to mention one of the most visually stunning movies I have ever seen. Into the Spiderverse will go down as one of the greatest animated movies of all time. Can't wait for the sequel and spinoff."
"In my opinion, this is the best Spiderman movie ever made. The animation is incredible and the team that made this movie happen deserves all the awards and recognition that they got. This movie is visually stunning and I really like the soundtrack as well. Miles Morales as the main character is great. He's just an ordinary teenager until he gets bitten by a radioactive spider, and well. You know what happens next. It's an inspiring story and one that highlights the importance of believing that you can do whatever you endeavour to do. The idea of the multiverse also works amazing in this movie and it was so fun to see all these different Spider characters working together to beat a common enemy."
"I liked the film, good senses of hardships and pulling through."
"I saw this film on the tail end of its theatrical release, and what a discovery it was. A visceral screenplay and electric animation guide this high-energy, uplifting story about a New York City teenager who by chance becomes one of the many Spiderheroes in the world and his life is never the same afterward.

The protagonist is a modest but savvy kid who has a diverse range of influences in his life, from his law-and-order father to his more street-wise uncle. He winds up crossing paths with a number of superheroes each of whom has a unique style, but who also share a common goal- stopping an evil crime kingpin from opening a vast, destructive portal to another universe. There are themes of family challenges, building adult confidence and the importance of teamwork, all tied together in this amazing story. Although some of the climactic fight scenes do go on for quite a while (an endemic problem in the super hero genre) it doesn't take away from the film's impact.

I recommend seeing this on as big a medium as possible. Even though it's an animation film, watching this for the first time on your phone would be a mistake. The visuals are so intense, sometimes overpowering, that you want to get the full effect. A great film for children but with plenty of adult wisdom, this one is not to be missed. Highly recommended."
"I watched that movie on Netflix and it was very very very awesome!!!!! And I'm so happy that it won an Oscar for Best Animated Feature! The animation was brilliant, The voice acting was great, My favorite parts of the movie is when: -------------------------------------- 1. The radioactive spider bites Miles and he gets his hands and foot sticked,

2. Miles sticking Gwen Stacy's hair and rips her hair off,

3. Miles meets Peter B. Parker and going web-slinging through Brooklyn,

4. Miles and Peter B. eating burgers,

5. Miles humming to the song Sunflower, While they're trying to stop Dr. Olivia Octopus,

6. Miles and Peter B. meeting Gwen Stacy (Spider-Gwen),

7. Miles, Peter B., Gwen Stacy and Aunt May meeting Spider-Noir, Peni Parker (SP//dr) and Spider-Ham,

8. Miles and the Spiders fighting the villains to stop the Super Collider Device,

9. Spider-Man 2099 going to the classic ""Spider-Man"" episode, Earth '67 to point at the classic Spider-Man,

and the for the most iconic part of this movie... 10. Miles finally becomes a black and red Spider-Man!!! -------------------------------------- So please watch this movie on Netflix!!! It's really really really awesome!!!! Look out! Here comes Spider-Man!

I give this movie 100.9/10.9!"
"This is by far the best Spider-Man movie of all of them. The art style is so incredibly unique in how it utilizes aspects from comic books. Not only that but the entire film is dotted in most scenes or textured in other ways akin to the tv show Chowder. The next thing you notice in this movie is the sound, more specifically, the music. The music is amazing and perfectly fits every scene throughout. Not only that but the fact that so much of the music is Post Malone fits perfectly with Miles Morales' life and character within the film. It also creates a very modern feeling that other movies lack. The level of absurdity is great and totally works with the animation and plot. This even allows for some great humor moments. Even throughout the absurdity and fast-paced animation style, the movie still manages to hold onto a meaningful and well thought out spiderman origin story with amazing characters that are incredibly well developed. Even the villain has a good motive with an extreme plan fueled by emotion, a good trope in any movie really. Lastly I will address the thing that most people talk about, a black Spider-Man. I will say that unlike other movies, this movie does diversity right. Miles' culture and heritage does play a role in the movie and is clearly visible to the audience, however, nothing about the plot revolves around his race and culture. He's not 'black Spider-Man' but he is Miles Morales, a character that proves to the world that anyone can be a hero with enough determination."
"This film with its stunning action and heart warming story is by far one of the best Spider Man movie ever made. This film is a celebration of perhaps the most popular standalone Marvel franchise in a pre-MCU world. Spiderman with its asthetics and theatricality never ceases to surprise it's audience, and this film is a living tribute to t This film proves yet again why Spiderman is so loved universally. Anyone can be a Spiderman. The characters behind those masks be it the Noir Spiderman or Spider-Gwen or even the Spider-Pig (to a certain extent), all are extremely believable and humane. Perhaps their genuineness stem from the fact that they are normal people -- just like everyone. They are true to their beliefs.

As growing up, Peter Parker was my favorite. And rediscovering him in a completely new form in this film, filled my heart with immense joy. Even Morales' struggle was real and equally believable. Hence even after going through trillions of origin story of zillions of Spider-People, we are not at all bored to see the origin of yet another Spiderman. Perhaps it is the charm of these magical yet grounded characters.

In terms of action, the Sony Pictures Animations have outdone themselves by miles. The storyboarding and the effects are insane, plus with an added punch of humour. Even if you ignore the story or the characters (which you should not), this film deserves to get watched just for its action sequences.

And the music. I must say I can't remember the last time when I had enjoyed listening to the soundtrack as much as I enjoy listening to this. The music is awesome. It gives me chills whenever I listen. It is querky and off-beat. At the same time there is something epic in it.

Speaking of the story and the characters, then one might already have an idea by now what to expect from an original story. And this film uses that routine to almost mock itself, which is clever. The plot is perfectly paced, so as to make you glued to the film and at the same time not let you get overwhelmed by the happenings on the screen. This film is very mature in its take. Absolutely Great writing.

In terms of performances, Jake Johnson and Moore's chemistry was just lovely. It was a classic protege and mentor relationship but with a modern twist, which was enjoyable. Every character was unique but yet humane. Even the Spider-Pig was not just there for mere comic relief, he had substance in him.

I am really looking forward to watch the sequels of this film. This is a great great film."
"This is a masterpiece, pure and simple. Where others have faltered - I'm looking at you, DCEU - this movie shines. The script is clever. The story is tight and compelling. It pays homage to the multiple-reality nature of comic books. The voice acting is awesome. And it looks absolutely sensational.

One of, if not the, best comic book movies ever made. It really is that good.

Sensational.

10/10."
"This movie just felt like our favorite wall-crawler more than any other adaptations, it captured the essence of Spider-man. With the help of the unique animation style and over-exaggerated character design, it created a Spider-verse that truly feels genuine, lived in. Voice acting and background music was very well handled, there are a couple scenes that actually got me to tear up (which I never do) The Easter-eggs are fun and a lot of things you will miss, if you know your comics, then you will be rewarded with a lot of references. The credit scene is magical and the end-credit scene is ten out of ten. Soundtrack is great, not to mention the writing, able to present so much obstacle and so many things changed because of these obstacles, connecting or reference back to scenes or things that specific character did earlier in the film."
"It's always interesting to see something innovative in medium. Something that opens up new possibilities and generates new imagination. But when you do that and expand the known universe, it's special. Add to that a story with heart, humor, and relatability, and you get Spide-man; Into the Spiderverse. Simultaneously familiar and brand new, whether you're an in deep geek or a skeptical newbie, there's something for everyone. A comic book come-to-life with all the elements to also be a great movie. Only through animation could this movie have been pulled off, and it's spectacular! Lacking nothing and as entertaining as any movie I've seen for quite some time."
"It's so good, it's unbelievable. Everything in this movie is made with such great care that you end up wondering how is it possible at all. The direction is top notch, I can't imagine this being made with a small team, so directors probably had to manage hundreds of people, and they did it so well that it never feels laborious. It's fun, it's smart, it's interesting, it's cool, everything you'd expect to have to have a great time is in there. I can't praise more the amazing people who brought this to life. Just wow."
There are very rare such movies are made that take you on ride from the word go and not for a single second they disappoint you. Spiderman into the spider verse is just a perfect example of such a movie and it really gives you the joy and pleasure you would expect out of any Spiderman movie and this one gives you that feeling in abundance. A lovely movie with a subtle touch of Quantum details and lots and lots of whoa moments. Look forward for the sequel and hope it is as great as this one. Kudos to the makers for making such a beautiful movie with all the heart.
Not a fan of cartoon movies but this was seriously good. Stan lee would be really happy about this one. Loved the animation style.
"Simply amazing animation and storytelling. I'm having trouble putting this film into a category. Hard to describe.

It must have gotten made simply through the sheer force of vision and talent.

I am quite sure i'm waaaaay outside the target demo, but I loved it!

Hats off to all involved."
"The only criticism I have for this movie is that I wish they spent a little more time strengthening the villain. Even then, King Pin was stronger than a lot of other supervillains out there. The reason I'm starting with the negative is because I love this movie so much and want to focus on the positives.

A few things I loved in particular were the balance of humor and emotional moments, the depth of the characters, the animation style?! Oh my God. It was visually my favorite animated movie of all time. It was a perfect blend of comic book art and cinematic storytelling instead of pure comic book style like The Walking Dead game, for example. But also, the voice acting was incredible, there was subtle aspects of story-telling that subconsciously strengthened the story. For example, Miles starting out by passing through his old school that's familiar to him, then getting into the new school that was a difficult but doable challenge, with his dad's support. Exactly how he went through his familiar life of school and spray painting to being Spider-Man, with the support of his dad. Well, his dad could represent his family as a whole because Miles felt like he was disappointing everyone but learned he needed to communicate and didn't have to do everything on his own. Character development, ugh I love it. And that's just one thing!

Peter B. Parker learning to be a little bit more vulnerable and taking a risk by mentoring Miles. And it made sense that Peter would let Miles help him, because he quickly realized he was stuck with Miles, and knew they'd both be better off if Miles knew what he was doing.

Things just made sense, which shouldn't be a landmark for good movies, but hey, it's the world we're living in.

But like, it makes sense that the spider people from the other universes would glitch while they were in the wrong universe, and that when shutting down the machine, someone would need to stay behind to shut it down. The story beats and emotional beats fit so well because the filmmakers knew what they were doing and took a thorough approach to their movie. God, I loved it."
"What more can I say that hasn't already been said? The movie's energy is addictive and will make you want to see it as many times as you can. If you love superheroes, you have to see it. If you love animation, you HAVE to see it. I won't waste any more of your time, go to the theater."
The best Spider-Man movie by far. Just amazing from the story to the animation style. Perfect.
"Our older sister took me and my brother to see it (which made us really happy because we had been waiting forever to see it) we laughed, we cried. 10 out of 10 would recommend"
"Sony's handling of certain Marvel properties over the last few years has certainly been questionable, but 'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is everything it needed to be and so much more. A thrilling blend of action, humour and emotion, wrapped in an awe-inspiring animation style, 'Into the Spider-Verse' is one of the standout movies of 2018, and arguably the best iteration of the web-slinger. Marvel's animated projects are usually overlooked due to the figurehead that is the MCU, but this is a leap in the right direction. The premise of multiple characters with a great power and great responsibility, all of whom feel isolated in their respective universes, adds an interesting layer. After realising they are not alone, they seek solace in one another, working together in an attempt to find a way back to their respective worlds, each leaving understanding the importance they hold in the universe. Miles in particular finds himself along the way, overcoming family issues and the hardships of teenage life, all whilst coming to terms with his recently acquired superpowers. I'm sure we'd all like to be a spider-person, but we learn that we don't need to be the biggest or the strongest to be a superhero - because in our own way, we already are. But hey, you never know when you might get bit by a radioactive spider, right?"
Yay!!! This movie was absolutely incredible. My favorite Spiderman movie.
"You must to see this new kind of Spider-Man, its very good including animation style."
"Okay it's official! I never thought I would ever say this (especially about an animated film made by Sony Animation Pictures), but Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is now my favorite animated movie of all time! This is what we wanted Sony! We wanted you guys to make an animated movie that has great animation, characters, dialogue, editing, pacing, voice acting, and most important of all a great story to tell. In the end, I saw every one of those things in even greater proportions. To everyone who worked on this film, well done to all of you guys, Stan Lee would be proud! This movie is a 10/10! SO AWESOME!!!!!!"
"This is one of those films that only appears once in a while, but when it does it makes a impact so big that all future generations feel it. A technical marvel, combine a killer soundtrack and the best looking animation of all time, combine that with a story that perfects most super hero stories in the big screen and you got one of the Best films ever made. A Must Watch for everyone in every age"
"The story centers around a young man by the name of Miles Morales and he like any other teenager is struggling to find his place and where exactly he belongs in this life. Due to the curious nature of the boy, he stumbles upon an abandoned NYC subway tunnel which will prove to change Miles forever. Miles was bitten by a radioactive spider not unlike the same spider whose given Spider-Man his power. Naturally Miles turns to the only person he knows could help, the actual Spider-Man. Now caught in a fight against Wilson Fisk turns into this inter-dimensional clash, one the proved to be too much to handle for only two super-powered Spider-Men. Once messing with dimensions, Miles meets and recruits 5 other super-powered Spider-Men and women from their respective dimensions in this battle over time and space. Will Miles be able to take a leap of faith and finally let go for the sake of the universes?

I must say the animated visuals seen in this movie are pretty groundbreaking thought you either love it or hate it, i personally loved the comic book feel to the movie, a real strength of the picture. Also a pretty stacked cast here and they all operate magically together. Very excited to finally see the freshest take on Spider-Man we've seen for a very long time, truly innovative."
The only type of movies that I love is animation. I hope it gets to have 5 stars.
"I went to the theater on New Years Day to see Aquaman. Instead, I changed my mind and chose to see Into the Spider-Verse instead.

Boy am I pleased that I did! I had not expected the animation style utilized and found it far from distracting, instead helping to mold the story even better. It was like a comic book had jumped off the pages and animated all over the screen.

The story hit all of the salient Peter Parker story points for young Miles without being obvious or obtuse about it and the pacing of the introduction of the other Spiders was neither too fast or slow.

Everything about this film, from the art to the story and the music was on point. It was even sufficiently mature enough for this 40-ish fan and it will keep the kids' attention.

It's definitely worth the price of admission at the theater. I recommend seeing it before it's gone."
Wow. excellent animation. a real joy to watch. superb art wurk :) well done to all who put this masterpiece together.
"One of the greatest animated movies I've ever scene from the animation to the story. This was also a super fresh take on the superhero movies taking a lot of inspiration from the comic books not only in the plot and characters but also into the animation. The main character Miles Morales is super relatable and someone the viewer can connect with throughout the movie as the character Spiderman should be. The animation was super well done as Is one of the first ways you can see how much attention was put into the movie to make it feel like you were watching a comic book come to life. The best part was that there was something for everyone watching the movie weather you were a child, teenager, or adult none of the scenes felt like they were meant for only one age group like most animated movies are."
"I had no idea what to expect walking into this. I have loved Spider-Man and Marvel Comics since I was a child. I am permanently scarred by the Toby Maguire iterations. Into the Spider Verse was totally refreshing.

Pros: -Animation is phenomenal. So cool visually, and different from anything else I've ever seen. -The voice acting is on point. No weak spots - they all are just absolutely perfect. -The plot is so original, and the script is so funny. I've watched it probably ten times at this point, and I still catch jokes for the first time. -Soundtrack is so good. A little Post Malone, a random John Part classic. So fun.

Cons: -I literally cannot think of one....

Watch it tonight. Watch it with your kids. Watch it with you grandma. Watch it by yourself so your upstairs neighbor thinks you're insane for how much you're laughing. Just watch it!"
I absolutely loved this movie there's literally no flaws and the character development is amazing. I could watch this movie for hours and never get tired. I don't usually rate movies 10 stars but this one deserves all 10 stars. Please watch!
"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse focuses of Miles Moralis a suprisingly under rated hero from Marvel comics and gives thim the attention he deserves! The film has amazing animation highlited by incredible scene compesition and stunning shots. It looks and feels like the comic books the film is based on. The story is incredibly well written and features all the gags and heart break of a comic book. The characters, even id they do not recive a lot of screen time have personality, deapth and accuratly reflect thier on page counter parts. Spider-verse is a greatly needed break from all the grim dark, live action super hero movies of the past years and its prehaps the best comic book film in a long time"
A great movie with multiple animation techniques and a smart script this is a wonderful imaginative spider-man that impressed me on multiple levels.
"Whatever you choose to do, You will be great. So just do what you want kid, just be the one you want to be."
I enjoyed this movie. I was very happy that the movie was animated. at first I was a bit concerned of how the movie was going to play out but it overall added to the phenomenal experience. Loved it!
So think about the altarnate universe s gwen stacy.She s first appearance in the movie was before miles got his powers from spider.But that scene was before portal s opening scene so It does not add up.It cant be the miles universe s gwen stacy because they first met in the film class and he did a joke in there that she mentions this joke line before she leaves so how did she arrive so early ????!
"I don't usually write reviews for movies but as a 20 year old guy I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and was intrigued from start to finish. The graphics, storyline, action, and comedy is a roller coaster and I recommend this movie for people of all ages."
"This movie was captivating and entertaining from beginning to end. The animation, characters, writing, soundtrack, and the overall style were all superb. This is my first review on IMDB; this movie was entertaining enough to warrant it. Do yourself a favor and see it while it's still in theaters!"
"Awesome movie, have to watch it in theatre. No words can describe hoow awesome the experience was. Loved it. Hope it wins best animation movie oscar."
"This will be short, as I have never written a review, before. I have been a Spider-Man fan since I was little, watching the original 1967 series, reading the comics, etc. This movie was 100% in the vein of Stan and Steve's vision. After all, what made Spider-Man the most popular superhero of all time, was it's relatability. The heart of the character is summed up in Uncle Ben's immortal words, ""With great power, comes great responsibility."" This is as true today, as it was over fifty years ago, and this movie completely embraces and expands on this concept. And the cameo with Stan actually made me tear up, given how recent his departure was. He and Steve would be so very proud of this movie! Excelsior!"
Oook that was pure perfection.. Better than a movie with real actors better than anything.. I want more...
I don't have much to say. I didn't expect to like it. I loved it... Then I took my cousin to see it.... Then I told my mother to see it... Now if I can convince my girlfriend to take my 6 month old to see it I will be able to see it thrice...then I'm going to buy it. It was amazing...almost had me at an actual moment of tears...and I'm as tough as they come :-)
"All round brilliant movie with good voice casting (except for Cage!), good balance of humor, seriousness and many lessons to learn for the younger movie goer. 3D not warranted so try and watch in 2D. Story line was fresh, entertaining and engrossing. Animation was okay but turned brilliant with comic book type narration. It was good to see Spidey's arch rival - The Kingpin make his first appearance in a Spider movie. Besides the miss-cast of Cage, the only other miss was that Homer Simpsons spider pig was cuter than Spider Ham:)!"
"Every single thing in this movie is freaking brilliant. The art in this one is beautiful, there's no other word to describe it, you can just sit and appreciate the visuals and it will be an enjoyable experience. The story is great, it flows naturally and the character development is great, you love every single one of them (even the villain has a great story, a reason to be thankful). You can't get bored watching this movie, since the very beginning you feel amazed. The best Spider-Man movie. And if you ask me, the best superhero movie of the year. 10 out of 10."
"I was a bit hesitant to watch this as it just looked from the trailer like some stupid cartoon which would be trying to hard to make me laugh..

Boy was I wrong. This movie is clever, thrilling and very funny. I was laughing out loud at lots of moments throughout this movie it was great fun and the animation and graphics are brilliantly done. Plus the story was very cleverly written and with some brilliant voice acting from people such as Nicholas Cage, Hailee Steinfeld etc but my favourite Character had to be Peter B. Parker played by Jake Johnson who would make a great movie on his own

I would honestly say this is my favourite spider man movie yet and would love to make them make more like this"
"The TRAILERS were Oscar-worthy! This delightful roller-coaster romp is smart and dumb in all the right places, poking fun at tropes instead of hiding behind them. It looks and feels entirely fresh.

Watch for a hysterical easter egg after the end credits."
"Here's my review of Spiderman : Into the Spider verse. When I saw the trailer for this movie I wasn't impressed , in fact I thought it was a cashgrab from sony with the remaining rights for Spider-Man they have left. And I was wrong. The story is about different spider men / woman from different dimensions , it's also an origin movie for Miles morales' spiderman. For those of you who've watched the ultimate Spider-Man cartoon crossover, the characters might not be new to you but they're all just wayyyy better than the tv epsiode. The animation in this movie is like stop motion but with a very fast frame rate which you grow on with as the movie progresses. The artstyle is just super cool , it's like a comic book with the thinking boxes and the POW , BAM stuff ! . The movie has really good voice actors and a powerful soundtrack , cause sony ( duh) and yes ! Tons and tons of product placement . The humour in this movie is really good , it's the best I've seen in animated movies since Zootopia. The movie has loads of Easter eggs , fourth walls , one liners which makes your spider sense tingle. In the end , into the spiderverse was way beyond my expectations , with great characters , 4th wall breaking , a slick artstyle , great humour and everything you love about Spiderman . It's like if 90s Disney made a Spiderman movie that your kids will be watching on repeat mode , ten years down the line."
"I loved this movie, right when I think marvel has exhausted a franchise they surprise me! The graphic are amazingly stunning. Such a cool concept with the comic book theme. When I was young everyone said spider man was lame, this movie made the spider power looks as cool as it always has been. AMAZING!"
"Top 3 Spiderman movie of all time. Must watch film for any Spidey fan. Amazing animation, creative story, and well worth the price of admission."
"I was really sceptic about this film at first but after watching it I I'm really surprised! This was actually really really good everything about it is about it is innovative and the story I thought it was childish is really complex and deep. The animation of this film is unlike anything you've ever seen unlike Pixar that tends to focus on realism this one is surreal and isn't afraid of it's animation status, it takes advantage of it. The colors, the comic theme the excellent soundtrack all is mesmerizing. Yet that's not all the rapport between our characters is very humain and heartfelt especially the Spidermen, despite it been animated you feel the depth of the bond they formed more particularly the one between miles and peter parker with there father son, big young bothers Dynamic that's can't but make you aw. Plus i guess i have a thing for peter parker too hihi. In general this was a surprise a hell of a good one!!"
"Wow! Not only is this a fantastic story w/ brilliant artwork through the film, it's got every element needed to be solid & well rounded. The animation & comic-style integration is absolutely phenomenal! The team that made this, truly made something original & mind blowingly beautiful!

Also, I love that Miles is a graffiti writer! Being an artist myself & having roots in that culture, I always notice when movies get it wrong! They rarely get it right... They did w/ this, it's totally on point.

This is a must see for anyone, regardless of comic-book knowledge! Honestly I do watch anime & other animated shows & movies; but generally not ""comic"" animations.. I may have to change that. Marvel, my personal favorite when it comes to movies, is killing it these days. I've seen everything a million times, but I had no idea the lengths they'd go to on this animated Spiderman."
"How did the company that gave us the Amazing Spider-man movies give us an animated Oscar winning Spider-man movies, Lord and Miller. Love all the spider people my personal favorite is Spider Noir played by Nicolas Cage. Also love Mile Morales and all the different versions of villains in the movie. Who knew I would like Kingpin as a Spider-man villain. Love the Prowler, can we get him in live action yet? Also the final battle is very awesome. A lot of emotion beats to through out."
Sound strack 10/10 story 10/10 characters 10/10 Spidermans 10/10 Better then the movies with a real actor
The best spiderman movie after spiderman 2 Perfect movie for Stan Lee
"This movie developed its character through the struggle to keep your family, love them, but also live your vocation? How do you know you're doing it right? You won't. It's a leap of faith."
"When the first Tobey Maguire Spider-Man came out, I always believed it would be the best spider-Man movie out there. Over time we've seen some good sequels and remakes, and adding Spider-Man into the MCU with Tom Holland is a solid performance. However, nothing prepared me for this masterpiece.

Beautiful, captivating, and emotional, all the elements that make an amazing animated film, and a wonderful Spider-Man story that hasn't been told yet. It is definitely a film that is worthy of it's Oscar win (finally) it's creative and different, yet feels familiar, and tugs on the heartstrings. I have no doubt Stan Lee is/was proud of this work."
A breakthrough in superhero movies. Combine the advantages of comic books perfectly with movies. Great music.
"This movie is nothing short of a master piece from Sony. I am very skeptical about watching animated movies. Someone suggested me to watch this and oh boy! I feel bad not watching this earlier. Watched this on a decent surround sound system in 4K and holy moly! This movie is an art, a treat to the eyes and ears. The characters, the story, the dialogue delivery, the NPCs. everything is flawless. Great movie. Definitely watching it again."
"In my opinion it's better than the Sam Raimi trilogy, better than both amazing spider-man films, better than homecoming and even better than the Japanese Spider-man show. It is also the best animated super hero film I've seen, but where I have seen every spider-man film and tv show, I haven't seen every animated super hero film so that might change. What it is is pretty much what you would get if you made a film based on a mix of modern marvel and Stan Lee's original Spider-man run and then made it a whole lot better than you would expect from that description. The animation, voice acting and cinematography are amazing. While the story is kind of done before, that is mostly in comics and not as a film. Not all villains have gotten the time to develop, but honestly, somehow that makes them feel realer. I'm not 100% sure I'll still feel like this after my second watch, but right now it is really hard to decide between a 9 and a 10."
Outstanding animation. Just loved the entired movie. A new look of animation film industry. The music is sick and literally every scene is rocking. It was fantastic shot..
"In the year of Infinity War, Black Panther, and Incredibles 2, the SEVENTH Spider-Man movie in the last sixteen years somehow ended up being the most creative, stylistic, and comedic one of the bunch. I really cannot overstate how good this movie is. The animation is utterly astounding, the characters and dialogue are very well written, and the story is fresh and unique. There is a special quality to the energy that this film gives off through its cinematography, framing, and overall visual style that has to be seen to be fully understood. There is truly nothing like Spider-Man: Into the Spiderverse, and I am happy to give it the highest score possible. (Side note: this was made by Sony Pictures Animation, a very hit-or miss studio, which made it even more pleasing how enjoyable the movie truly was.)"
"Absolutely incredible movie. Animation, characters and story are at the top of the tree. Loved every moment of this great pic!

Please please don't let it being an animation put you off.

THE BEST, hands down, SPIDEY MOVIE TO DATE."
Loved every second of this movie showing that there is many Spider Man And Spider Women Superheros ETC in the multiverse really enjoyed story line on points and voice acting and animation was on point too. My favourite character is Gwen Stacey voice acted by the amazing Hailee Steinfeld really brought the character to life and I really loved the hinted relationship between Miles Morals And Gwen Stacy really takes me back to being a kid watching Spider Man in the good old days especially the films and animated ones too.
This movie gets everything right about the Spiderman character. Add some good beats and great animations and it's the best spiderman movie to date.
Hands down the best 3D animation movie experience you may ever have.
"I was skeptical before I started watching it. I thought it was for kids.

Everything about this movie transpire greatness. The plot is well put and witty. The animation is unique and gorgeous.

I'm amazed at the quality of the textures. It feels surrealist and out of a comic book at the same time.

It's like reading an original comic book in action."
This was such an amazing movie. I would watch it over and over again.
"I did not have the opportunity to see this movie in its premiere months ago, but taking advantage of the fact that it returned to the cinemas of my city due to its nomination to the Oscars I decided to see it and WAO! what a surprise Beautiful story, incredible animation, witty jokes, great soundtrack, wonderful message, good villain and especially endearing characters. This movie has everything and deserves the Oscar award and above all deserves to be in the Best Movie category, more than Black Panther"
"Why are you reading this and not watching the movie. Seriously one of the best animated movies ever, and probably one of the best Marvel movies. Great animation, characters, and music. Please go watch it."
"Sony's 6th run of a spiderman film whilst also starting their own spiderman villain universe and by far this film is the best thing to have happened for Sony since spiderman 2. The characters all well written, very little of the characters story was changed as the old saying goes if it ain't broke don't fix it, the animation is done excellent and it's nice to see a new way of how animation can be done. Sony you have out done yourself with this, continue and greater things will come but remember walk before you run!."
"This movie is amazing and deserves greater than a 10/10. As an animator, I look at this movie and all I can say is.. wow, the art-style is unique and fits AMAZINGLY with the idea of the movie; it's probably the most unique style I've personally ever seen. The animation is probably even better, with small details here and there that add to the characters and what they represent, speaking of small details, Brooklyn is beautiful in comparison to the cities of other modern animated movies and it genuinely looks lived in. Also, I MUST mention the sound design, I mean, they used spray-cans in Mile's theme! Every Spider-Man (or woman) character gets their own theme that sounds different from one another but also quite similar. Anyway, that's my quick review of this movie, go watch it or.. you're life will most likely be incomplete."
"I went into this film thinking it would just be just another cartoon/animation movie. Took ten minutes into the film before I was awestruck.

Where to begin...the story was amazing, the audio mixing was captivating, hilarious dialogue, the imagery and animation was phenomenal! The details of the streets in all the action packed scenes and distinctly recognizable facial expressions from a fully masked superhero is no small feat! The mix of comic book elements in an animated film along side 4-5 different styles of cartoon caricature just puts this film way up top.

This film has raised the bar of animation and graphics technology. BRAVO"
This movie trumps all other Spider-Man films and Marvel property. It's quite entertaining and made me laugh a lot. The humour wasn't forced like it is in the MCU and is genuine. It's a film that's suitable for both adults and children to watch. I highly recommend it!!
"Great movie..Spiderman comes from comics..it has and always be cartoon...am not suprise they won Oscar.

Btw, Spider Verse better than Homecoming and Far From Home..Spider-Man doesnt need Iron Man or Captain America to be great."
"This film is just AMAZING. It's not only visually astonishing but the story is an incredible journey that shows us that everyone can be a hero in its own way. As a HUGE Spider-Man fan, I was blown away by all the action and emotion this movie provides, it's definitely a love letter to marvel fans. Hailee Steinfeld, Shameik Moore and Jake Johnson make an spectacular job portraying Gwen Stacy, Miles Morales, and Peter B. Parker respectively. For me ""Spider-Man Into the Spiderverse"" is just the best Spider-Man movie ever."
"Damn, I am seriously impressed.....Like I am really impressed, I see why all the reviews for this movie and critic wise is very high. The art, the music, the story, the friendships made in the movie, the characters that get you attatched to them. Its a wonderful film, honestly I cannot wait for the next sequel! Solid and one of the best Spiderman Animated films, and the animation is top notch! Overall, AMAZING!!! 10/10."
"This movie really shows you the real meaning of being spider-man, the one Stan Lee an Steve Ditko pretended to show us, a really good villain and a unique style of animation"
"AMAZING. Love how this film captures exactly what we are after from spiderman. Kid gets bitten by a spider, but its not the same rehash. The film doesn't take itself to seriously and there are some heartfelt moments. Bad guy needs to be stopped and spiderman and his friends save the day. Such a great film, please make more like this.

Only downside is the comic strip affects that make the foreground a bit blurry."
This is one of the most visually stunning films i have bet watched. It's just gets better every time you watch. Marvel oughta make more movies like this.
"I only wanna say one thing, ¡I loved this movie!. But the comment must be more than that. I widely recomend it, the history was writen with great intuition, I loved all the spider's charcaters, for me it's like Avengers but with only my favorite superhero."
"The absolute best Spider-Man movie ever made, goes perfectly with Insomniac's Miles Morales PS5 game :)"
Just incredible with a binge of emotions and pure art ! Sony have really set the bar for spiderman and easily the best spidey film ever ! Pure entertainment everything a movie should be whens the next one lol
"Spectacular film with amazing visuals and creative storytelling. Was particuarly impressed at how the plot maintained its grounded small-scale tone whilst dealing with somewhat ""mind-boggling"" concepts."
"An immaculate tapestry of devotion and art, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse achieves everything that a film should and still goes beyond. The use of story and theme are masterful and far from half-hearted. The journeys and messages truly succeed to move the audience in ways that are often forgotten and completely necessary. The gorgeous animation style is absolutely stunning, every frame is individually beautiful and full of detail that even watching this movie at an 8th of the speed would be a delight and an adventure. The energy and effort put into this masterpiece is evident in every detail and facet. It deserves the eyes, ears, and heart of all, including you."
I went to the theatre to watch with some friends having little to no expectations at all given the track record of SONY and their Animated Movies (Emoji Movie) I'm Looking at you)..needless to say what i got was One of the best spiderman movie if not the best and probably one of my personal favourite film of 2018..the voice actinh on point especially Shameikh Moore as Miles Morales and Hailee Steinfeld as SpiderGwen and Jake Johnson as Older Spiderman..The Characters from spiderverse also helped alott to make this movie as fun as it is including SpiderNoir voiced by Nicholas Cage and a Special Additon of Peter PORKER Spiderham voiced by incredibly talented John Mulaney..this movie is entertaining and surprisingly heart touching.My only critisicism of this film is tht they should have made KINGPIN a little more menacing villain..And probablyh the best thing about Spiderverse is its GROUNDBREAKING Visuals..ITS a Feast for eyes and tht epic soundtrack from Post Malone and Swae Lee Further elevates Its Value...i LOVED this movie..I HOPE the academy recognize this gem and award it with the Best Animated Movie of the Year Oscar because it truly deserves THIS..!!
"This is a really funny movie about a kid learning how to be a superhero and making life-long friends along the way. It's not dressed that way, mind you. On the surface, it seems more like a collaboration of Spidey-people attempting to stop a very imposing villain and save the day. That's the icing, the humor is the toppings, and the cake itself is the plot. Believe you me, it's a delicious cake that I didn't expect to be so well stylized. So stylized that I kept thinking I must have missed the 3D glasses on the way in.

Side Note: The only reason why I'm not adding this to my Black Movies list is because it really didn't feel like a movie about Black people. It was a movie with an urban Afro-American main character that was completely honest about the fact with his taste in music and attire. Beyond that, he's just a kid, and I appreciate the way the team handled it.

Second Side Note: The introduction of the 5th villain was so well done visually and plot-wise that I was in awe. It was also kinda hot. Speaking of villains, I really dug the alternate take that we were given with the supervillain designs.

Third Side Note: The main villain's decisions are understandable. Even the ones I fully disagree with."
"As the title says, it's also one of the best animations out there. This film is overflowing personality, from the characters, to their visual designs, their aimations, their voices; the way the music ties into it (leitmotifs woooo; thematically relevant music), the settings, the animation style and techniques, the EVERYTHING.

I love this movie."
"So let me start off my saying I'm not a fan of Spiderman or super heroes in genre. Neither do I like comics etc. When I first heard about this movie, I immediately lost interest because it's an animated movie. Also the name made it sound like it was going to be multiple short stories of different Spidermans in different universes.

Tonight I decided to watch it mainly because I got my hands on a UHD HDR version and I wanted to test my new TV. I'm completely blown away by how incredible this movie is. It's one of the best super hero movies I've ever seen. Aside from the avengers / guardians of the galaxy / Deadpool movies I'm not a big fan of any super hero movies. I also watched watched the much hyped black panther yesterday (again because I got my hands on a UHD HDR version) and I was bored out of my mind. I figured I'd be bored with this movie but it's an absolute gem! Even if you don't like animated stuff and or super hero movies. Definitely give this one a chance.

Aside from having a great story and characters, the visuals are mind blowing. The HDR version is incredible. Visually it's one of the best looking movies I've ever seen."
"This movie is so amazing its easily my favorite movie of all time. It flows amazingly, it has a fantastic sound track, the character selection is so great. The fact that they used very out of the box characters like prowler and noir spiderman made me love the movie even more. Not to mention the other worldly animation style. My friends have gotten tired of me talking about how much I absolutely adore this movie. The story flows so well from when miles gets his powers to peters death to the introduction of the multiverse to miles awakening moment after his uncle dies and his father talks to him through the door. That scene of him finally taking control of his powers after that heart to heart talk from his father gives me goose bumps every time. This movie has set a new standard for animated and superhero movies."
-Acting 10/10 -Cinematography 10/10 -Enjoyment Fun 10/10 -Story 10/10 -Score/Music 10/10 -Aesthetics 10/10
Much better than dum ninjago they bully kai again AND AGAIN AND AGAIN
Great movie trailer. I love this movie trailer.This movies animation effect realy nice.
"10 Is basically all that I can say, as I have said before, I am a comic book junkie, Spiderman, Ironman, Wonder Woman, Dr. Strange, Dr. Fate, Hulk, Avengers, all of them, just love it.

Now this movie here had a lot of twist to be an animation, is Peter Parker dead or is he not? And bringing all of the other Spider people together from different universe to beat one foe in order for Spiderman to live again, was a bit strange but good....oops, sorry for the people who haven't seen this movie yet. Regardless of me giving away some of the details, still go and watch this movie, great entertainment!"
"A great film, lovingly crafted, excellent sound and visual quality. Nails the vibe its going for. This is a blessing coming from a studio thats been giving curses. I enjoyed it, probably not as much as others but cant say its not amazing. My brother saw it 3 times more than i did. Watch it shortly after smoking. Throws you for a loop. Pretty sure my brother bust a nut in the theater."
"Cool, is really interesting story. Recomended to watch!"
"The best Spider-Man's movie ever made. Great characters, great animation and so funny."
"Coming in i had my shirts on when i got out i didnt have my pants anymore , enough said."
"This movie is so great, the different styles they used. The many different jokes and action scenes. Everything put together so great that I just can not describe it. Love this movie, I really do"
"...as well as my favorite comic book adaptation. And I'm saying this as a 47-year-old, mind you. Maybe that's precisely why I so thoroughly enjoyed this film (aside from the visually stunning animation style, the soundtrack, and the excellent voice acting). I've never felt more represented in a superhero flick than I did when I listened to the grievances of the middle-aged Peter B. Parker.

But all characters in this movie are extremely likable and easy to connect with, especially the lead character Miles Morales (aka Spider-Man), whom I already liked in Bendis's Ultimate Universe comics. When I watched the trailer, I was afraid that the inclusion of Spider-Ham might be a little over the top and too slapsticky for an overall serious coming-of-age story, but everything just works beautifully. Anyway, to cut a long review short: If you'd like to see a comic book come alive on the big screen in the best way imaginable, go watch this movie! You won't regret it."
The movie is full of laugh and entertainment and also extremely emotional. I found myself crying when the movie ended.
"This is my favourite Marvel film yet, the animation is amazing, the soundtrack is amazing and most of all the portrayal of Spiderman is amazing, 10/10 would recommend this to anyone who enjoys animated films with good music and a bit of comedy sprinkled here and there. Go watch this film!!"
"Every once in a while a movie comes, that truly makes an impact. Joaquin's performance and scenography in all it's brilliance. Grotesque, haunting and cringy. Hard to watch at times,... but so mesmerizing, you won't blink an eye watching it. Tragic, but with seriously funny moments. Emotional rollercoaster - sometimes, with multiple emotions popping-up at the same time."
Great story. Super cast. Awesome animations. Fresh soundtrack.
"There are people here in the Comments that really thought 3D goggles would help making the movie look sharper. These people gave this movie 5 Stars and less. Just let that sink in for a bit. These are the people who destroy the ratings of movies like that. Just because they don't have a clue what the intend was, they believe it is somehow a valid argument against movie styles like this. :/

As for the Storytelling. I don't have to know ALL of the backstory of every Spider-man in the group. It's not about ALL of them! Just as much as this is not every enemy character in this movie. The main Bad guy is kingpin. What's so hard to understand about that??

The fact that people even gave this movie 3 Stars is enough to know what kind of people they are. If this movie is only 3 Stars, what on earth is worth 9 or 10 stars then for you???"
"This is quite the claim, I know. However, this film does everything right. The way it fits into the existing corpus of Spiderman comics, films, and video games; the way it expands its own universe; the voice over actors (especially Jake Johnson); the original score (especially What's up Danger?); the carefully executed take on the classic hero's journey; the vibrant and diverse style of animation; the humour; everything. What more can I say? It does what it needs to do exactly right. A Spiderman film that fits perfectly into the existing corpus of all things concerning Spiderman and deliver a classic story in a modern way. Sheer perfection."
"I've loved Spider-Man for as long as I've been breathing. Every Spidey film has given me something to love. My personal favorite has always been Spider-Man 2 (2004), but now it seems I've reached an impasse. I'm torn between Spidey 2 and Spider-Verse. An impossible decision, yes, but a fun one.

Spider-Man 2 gave me storytelling and cinematography to die for. Spider-Verse took that, added 4 heaping cups of explosive art, a dash of comedic genius, 2 scoops of brilliant action, put it all in a blender and hit purée. This one was truly different.

Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse is first and foremost an artistic dream. It showcases any color you can think of, and then some. It's a comic book quite literally brought to life. Every single frame is a work of emotional, hilarious art. And everyone, and I mean everyone who worked on this film should be truly proud.

To me, Spider-Verse is not what a comic book movie could be, it's what a comic book movie SHOULD be."
"After the spider-geddon,seeing this movie was amazing.Whole movie was perfect,I saw the movie for 3 times in theatre until it got removed in my city.Everyone should watch this movie,its a masterpiece,its a emotional and funny adventure and most importantly

PIZZA TIME"
"Have you ever tried LSD? Well you don't have to as this one is going to give you THAT trip of a lifetime. A movie that is overpowerd by its own class, its more like an alter ego of Spider-man putting a hand on the shoulder of Danger and saying ""Hey"". All you need to do is believe in your own universe and the fact that 'Even you can wear the mask, eventually it all fits' Spider-man : Into the Spider-verse.. #svjreviews #SagarJoshi"
"I love this movie! It is beautifully animated. I love that they kept the comic book feel. I love the story, the ups, downs, and comic relief are heart warming, heart rending, and clever. It's a must watch every time."
From start to finish it's absolutely outstanding! The script. The Soundtrack. The animation. The voice acting. All of it bang on the mark.
"Wow wow wow such an amazing movie! Sony hit the jackpot here, amazing soundtrack, fantastic groundbreaking animation, genuine laughs with a really good story & values. All in all a brilliant movie for all ages! Cannot wait for the bluRay to re watch over & over. 10/10 quality"
"This movie has convinced me that the best way to bring a comic book to life is through animation.

The aesthetic of this movie is gorgeous, unique, and eye popping. Just on a visual level this movie is much better than both your run of the mill superhero movie, and animated movie. The characters are nuanced, the story is fast paced but not at the sacrifice of the plot, which is simple enough for kids to follow, yet interesting enough for bigger kids to enjoy.

This should be the new gold standard for animation and superhero movies."
"I loved everything about the movie. My 10 year old actually sat through this without wanting to leave, it keeps you drawn in. Worth watching in the theater."
"Not only the best Spider-Man film, but maybe the best superhero movie of the last decade to my memory. I've never seen a film nail the comic aesthetic as well as this and do such a beautiful job of it. If we don't want Superhero movies to go stale in a post-Avengers Endgame/Infinity War world, we need more like this."
Movie has very good punches and dialogues are very well suited to different scenario. The way story is presented is perfect
"First impression of people on the trailer is about how Sony going to use the race card to get good reviews but in the movie,it doesn't really mentioned about race.Instead it shows how people care for each other despite their background.Miles race dont affect his high education,neighbourhoods friends and spider noir from ww2.Big praise for the studio making the visual.The only downside is Spider noir, Peni parker and peter porker very few screen time.Besides that, Great movie and enjoyable for teens.YOu will miss the characters after the end credit."
"This movie, man. I loved it so much.

The soundtrack, the score, the visuals, everything about it. The comic book style animation. All of it. Amazing."
Absolute must-watch film. It's hilarious and original. The writing is excellent and performances do it justice with the delivery. Phenomenal.
"Holy crap, this is how you make a superhero movie everyone!

This is a frickin masterpiece! The animation is like the comics and seeing all the Spider-Men is frickin incredible! 10/10 - Kohan64."
"Then new Spider-Man movie at Imax is so damn good, Out is this world. Best movie I have seen in a long time, totally artistic, good story, fantastic soundtrack. Best enjoyed in 3D. Beautifully crafted movie. 20 out of 10."
"My boy 3, daughter 5 myself mid 30 loved it. A+ definitely one to watch."
"I love this movie soooo much. This and Black Panther are just amazing movies!

Let me just start by saying, there has been A LOT of build to a Black Actor as Spider-Man. Remember the protest for Donald Glover to be Spider-Man in Amazing Spider-Man? Finally there is a black Spider-Man as a lead in the movie, and I honestly must say, if they finally did this, this generation has got it right for once!

The writing is on a whole different level of amazing. I love how this movie sometimes breaks the fourth wall with a reference to Looney Toons.

I also love how Peni Parker, Nazi Killer PP, and Peter Porker all have their own animation styles. Peni Parker having a more anime type animation, Nazi Killer Peter has a Noir animation (*cough cough* cause' his name is Spider-Man NOIR!), and Peter Porker having a Looney Toons type animation.

In conclusion, this movie is an amazing movie , with incredible writing, and an amazing collection of amazing actors!"
"Oh, into the spider verse. The cast, the animation, the action sequence and the set pieces all seem so perfect! This has to be the best Spider-Man movie of all time!"
"This is the most visually appealing movie I have ever seen! The comic book style of art added a positively unique feel to the movie. From the intense action scene at the end to the small detail of a bagel bouncing off someone head, this movie seemed to do everything right. The story was easy to follow. The characters were relatable and funny. The concept of multiple Spider-people/pigs was intriguing and was pulled off really well. I think the different art styles and personality they gave to each Spider-person/pig was done so well that I cannot imagine it being done anymore perfectly. I can not stress the value of this movie enough. If you did not like this movie then you probably do not have a heart (no offense Tin-man).

Heck, I was going to give this a 9/10 but remembering the pure joy this movie gave I just changed it to a 10/10.

Important Side note: if you did not notice the bagel scene, go watch the movie again. You are depriving yourself of one of the most cleverly funny scenes in animated movie history."
"I thought this was going to be a good movie, my expected were exceeded. It's a great, original, fun movie with great animation.

Really enjoyed it."
"Saw it twice, planning to go again. I can't remember the last time I simply had so much fun at the movies. Try to catch it in 3D if you can! The animations look amazing."
"I've seen this movie at least 10 times. I've even gotten my ""old school"" dad to watch it and he was enthralled throughout. Between the deep, emotional storytelling and overwhelming stimulation of animation, this takes the cake. No other words needed. Can't wait for the sequel!"
"Serious props to everyone and anyone who was involved in making this film, that was an amazing experience. Very few movies make you go ""woah this is so cool"" for the whole 2 hours. This is not an overreaction, I found myself beaming a lot, Into the Spider-Verse is a masterpiece.

No amount of adjectives is enough to praise the visuals, the colourful editing, the sound mixing and most importantly the originality of what was being displayed for 2 hours. This movie knew when to be humourous and when to be emotional, which is quite refreshing with all the meta and overly pushy jokes in the industry nowadays. And to top it off, it has an amazing cast and a kickass soundtrack.

This is a must watch, no matter what your taste is. Great experience for any film lover !"
Not only the greatest animated movie of all time but one if the greatest movies of all time in general.
"First of all, i would like to say that i have never personally been a Spider-Man fan, so only honest, unbiased opinions here! This movie was nothing short of thrilling- the animation design loyal to classic comics and the storyline unpredictable at most. It was a funny, enjoyable experience and definitely deserves the Oscar it won. Awesome film, never disappointing."
THIS MOVIE IS INSANE.The visuals are stunning and give you a great plot with an origin story of both the protagonist and the antagonist whilst still keeping all spidermen.The character development is the best we've seen in spiderman for a long time and has great twist with one of the best ending of all superhero movies
"An animated spectacle that I was blown away with from the moment I saw the trailer. An amazing story, and by far an unexpected origin story, based around such a lovable, and to some new, charismatic character. This is a new high for animated films, and a bigger high for most superhero films. This is easily one of the best superhero films ever released, with a strong story, characters, character arcs, animation, writing, I could go on. I never thought I could be so invested in this film, and I came out way way surprised by the outcome."
"Spider Man Into the Spider Verse was a glorious, exciting and well told film. As a fan of the character of Spiderman since the original Raimi films, I can confidently say that this film pays tribute to its co-creators Lee and Ditko, the legacy of Spider Man and even the comic book medium itself. Miles Morales is the 2nd superhero of color this year who proves that anyone under the mask can be a hero. Alongside him is Spider Gwen, a cool but interesting character who also dates back to her original character in the comic. Peter Parker and the rest of these Spider People bring a different and interesting perspective on the character and with genuine comedy, depth and motivations make these characters full of life. This is a stylish, fast paced and well told movie. It's a movie I'd recommend even if you don't know much about Marvel's wall crawler. 10/10."
"Hilarious, brilliant, and action packed. All the stars are being given for this. A Spider Man movie based around one of my favorite topics. What could be better? I LOVED this movie. It was witty, the timing was perfect, and the storyline was interesting and unique to itself. Watching it made me want to read ALL of the Spider Man comics, which I've only read a few of. But Now, knowing all their stories are likely real, I need to play catch up. XD If you haven't seen it yet, I highly recommend it."
"I thought this was going to be another kid's movie. It was more than I could ever imagine! Love the whole diversity vibe, which in essence we should strive to be! Stan Lee is a genius for his story and cameo."
This was like watching two hours of the best Spider-Man comic come to life right before my eyes.
"Best marvel animated movie till yet & better than live action movie ""Homecoming""😆 A new era in spider-man universe has started with miles morales. Usp of this movie is animation, music...absolutely stunning & treat to eyes."
"Into the Spider-verse is one of the best movies of the year. The characters and story are so fleshed out with each of the Spider-people feeling unique from one another and interesting on their own. The thing that really elevates this film though is the incredible style and animation. The animation is themed to look like a comic book with thought bubbles, sound effects, and other things like that showing up in the movie. That style pays off enormously for the film as a whole. The pace of this movie is so fast that it reminds me of an Edgar Wright film which is never a bad thing. The soundtrack is also unbelievably spectacular and makes the film even easier to watch than it already was. This might be my favorite Spider-man movie which is really saying something because I absolutely adore Homecoming. This film works on every level and should be seen by everyone especially if you are a fan of the character."
"Into the Spider-Verse is one of the most and least animated films of all time. I know that probably sounds crazy, but hear me out. The animation is incredible, paying a great tribute to comic book art. There are also multiple animation styles in this movie, yet they never looks bad on screen. That's how it's one of the most animated films. On the other hand, the characters sound and act like real people, bring raw emotion to the film. Miles talks like an actual person, not like a cartoon character. You can tell watching this film that so much love was put into this film, that it's impossible not to reciprocate it."
"It's also the first one

Very cool movie, so fun so funny i wish they will have a TV Show or a second movie Recommend for every-one"
"The best spiderman movie,I ever seen..its background music,story line..just unbelievable...just loved this movie.."
"Whoever made this.. he/she understood what Spider-Man is. The concept, the aspect.. on point.

What a lot of Spider-Man movies lack is the soul of writting. In this movie we could understand the will to do good, the duty, the soul, the humanity, and the fragility.

Spider-Man is so confident, not because of birthright and not because he is good at humour, but because he is just a simple man. He makes the act to be confident, he does like he is not afraid. He acts like a hero, not because he feels like it, but because people around him need to feel it.

His bravery comes from his fears and fragility. His strength is only a means to an end for a writter to get him where the villains are. So he could be where you could not get to. But when he is there? He isn't bulletproof. He isn't safe from weapons even as simple as knifes. He is just like you. He grabs that opportunity and use it. Simply because that's the right thing to do."
"I... Wow....I mean just...... Perfect. Sony if you're reading this, take que and keep a damn good thing going."
One the best superhero movie irrespective of whether it's an animated or a live action.Simply amazing!!!!!
My son and me always dance during the intro music as it's awesome. Also good graphics and story.
No words can give this one justice.. It is by far the best animation movie ever made and better than all the previous spider man movies combined.
"This movie was visually stunning. I really liked comic feel and that was something that was joked about throughout the movie. This movie was both funny and action packed. It was really good at keeping your attention through the developing parts of the movie with funny jabs at mistakes Sony had made with Spider-man over the years. It was fun to watch this new take on a different version of Spider-man. This was one of the top super hero movies of the year, it will be interesting to see where Sony takes this story form here."
"In a world choked by formulae and repetitive nostalgia jargon, we need voices that cut through the noise and present something truly fresh and original. Into the Spider-Verse manages to not only capture the visual style of comics but the heart and spirit of it as well. Beautiful to look at and unstoppable momentum throughout. It not only exceeded but downright shattered my expectations. Absolutely brilliant."
"So I was lucky enough to buy tickets to an early screening of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, and let me just say that I thought it was absolutely amazing. A true love letter to the biggest Spider-Man fans. Though even if you don't know much about Spider-Man, you will enjoy this movie. All the references to the comics and TV shows and other movies made me happy. The film is hilarious, mature, and surprisingly dark at some times. It has a stellar voice cast that I will get into now. I will forever hear @shameikmoore as Miles Morales, and it was fantastic seeing him get his due in film. They captured his attitude and personality perfectly. I loved @mrjakejohnson as Peter Parker. Not only because I'm a fan of his, but he captures the deadbeat attitude of this version while still having the classic Parker charm. @haileesteinfeld does a really good job voicing Spider-Gwen and it actually caused me to like the character more than I previously had. As for the others, @ohlittleasianone and @johnmulaney are fun as Peni Parker and Spider-Ham, I really enjoyed Nicholas Cage as Spider-Man Noir, the always great @mahershalaali voices Miles' Uncle Aaron, and @lievschreiber voices a menacing Kingpin. And Stan Lee has a great cameo. The animation and action are stunning and beautiful. They recreate the ways of doing things we've seen in other Spider-Man movies in such creative ways. I'm serious the animation is probably the most stunning I've ever seen. From the beginning you can tell they had fun worth it. Even the credits are beautiful. The story and script are flawless, and the post credits scene is one of the most hilarious yet. Overall this is the best Spider-Man movie there has been (as much as I loved Homecoming). It's even dedicated in Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's honor. The soundtrack is fire as well. As a huge Spider-Man fan my whole life, I can't recommend it enough, and I can't wait to watch it again.... and again.... and again."
"Since I discovered Spidey circa 1987, I have read and watched everything single thing featuring the wall crawler. This one is beyond awesome. This is the redemption for those made sick by Spiderman 3 and that lunacy of a TV live action series from the 70s. This is it. Going to watch in the theater again this very week. And just a remarker: it works perfectly in 2D! I don't have any tolerance for 3D movie experiences (I abhor this trend)... 11 out of 10. GREAT"
Looking for this? Looking for this? Looking for this? Looking for this?
"""It always fits, eventually""

The reason I am tough on superhero movies, is (believe it or not) not because I'm a ""hater"". It's because in a world of superhero universes, and every super hero movie following similar formulas, blending into one another, and setting up for the next entries in a gigantic machine, it is simply not enough to just be a good superhero movie.

With Marvel in particular, the majority of the movies are good to very good, which while of course being the reason for the series' massive success, it also makes individual films stand out less and less from each other as they all melt into one big pot, where each component blends into a stew where nothing is allowed to stand out from the pack and offer anything particularly groundbreaking or unique. The brief opportunities where a Marvel film actually does something we legitimately haven't seen before are invariably the best parts of the series, before those things of course get done again and again in sequels until it loses it's impact.

When I get out of a Marvel movie, even one that I liked a lot, I am wary of giving it 10 stars. To me, 10 stars should represent the best in cinema. Something that was truly unique, perfectly written, technically game-changing, emotionally satisfying, and stands truly on its own without the need for prior or subsequent films.

If I give 10 stars to the next spoke in the Marvel wheel, knowing that no matter how good it is, it's impact will wain over a short period of time, what rating do I give a superhero movie that truly stands out? One that separates itself from the afore-mentioned homogenized melting pot that is modern super hero films to deliver not only one of the best Marvel Films, but one of the truly best films I have ever seen?

What rating, do I give Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?

I am glad I had the foresight to call Spider-Man: Homecoming my favorite LIVE-ACTION version of Spider-Man. If I hadn't added the live-action bit, that review would have been out of date in less than a day. Because holy newborn infant Jesus, this movie is special.

There isn't a single element of this film that is ""just okay"". Every single thing works. Every single thing is above average. The animation is a game-changer, the musical score is fantastic, the writing is top-notch, the emotion is genuine, the plot is enjoyable, the pacing is perfect, the comedy is actually funny.

Every solitary bit, even stuff that would have been absolutely ridiculous in another film -in particularly the trio of Penni Parker, John Mulaney as Spider-Ham and most wonderfully, Nicholas Cage as Spider-Man Noir- not only came off as merely ""acceptable"", but as enhancing elements. Miles Morales' story while also being a perfect anchor to the crazy directions the story goes in, is great in it's own right and throughout the runtime is a source for genuine emotion and inspiration. His relationships with his father, uncle and later to a wonderful degree, Peter B. Parker are great driving forces as Miles starts off trying to find his way in the world and later has to handle the pressure of being a new Spider-Man, having to measure up to the Spider-Men, Women... and pigs, not only of his dimension, but all dimensions. You truly feel for this kid and when he has his moment of finally BECOMING Spider-Man, I felt something that I have barely felt throughout hours and hours and hours and hours and hours of other Marvel films: actual emotion.

I cannot state enough just how special this film is and I can count the ways until the end of time. THIS is why I often am lukewarm toward superhero movies. Because when one that is truly special and unique and comes along, I want to be able to shout it from a mountaintop that THIS is what I'm looking for. THIS is a perfect superhero movie today."
"For those who are saying either American CG animated films are beginning to look stale in appearance or that the superhero movie genre is getting redundant/safe (like me), Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is huge a breath of fresh air.

First, I understand the animation may not be for everyone, but for me I thought it was great in its uniqueness and style. Nothing has ever looked like this film before. If you compare characters from different animation studios, some people can't tell the difference between a Dreamworks character model and a Pixar character model. This looks nothing like anything from any animated movie before and it looks even better in the context that this is a comic book movie with many comic book references spread throughout. To put it bluntly, Phil Lord and Chris Miller are at the forefront of innovation in US-based animation, with this and The Lego Movie revolutionizing modern animation as we know it.

Second, no story like this has ever been attempted in a superhero flick before, with the closest thing being time travel in X-Men: Days of Future Past back in 2014 (another fantastic superhero movie). All of the characters in the spider-verse are amazingly unique in their fighting styles, animation, and personalities. They actually feel like wildly different characters from the main character, Miles Morales.

Third, Miles Morales' journey as Spider-Man is wildly different in its development, from the development of his personality, charm, and his relationships with everyone he meets. It flips the spider-man story on its head, putting a kind of meta focus more on having to become truly different spider-man from his spider-verse counterparts.

On top of all of this, I loved the humor (especially meta-humor), the voice actors, and the overall adventure is engaging as all hell. My only downside is the villain not being terribly fleshed out and the kingpin not being a very interesting villain in terms of appearance (which they certainly try) or powers. Overall, I was thrilled seeing this movie and I really hope they build on this success even further."
"A multiverse is Swarming with a divergence Of old, new and hue

~jodawa."
"Took my 9 year old and thought I would be board. I am a huge Marvel fan but don't like cartoons much. I give this movie 10 out of 10. Great story, great characters, and non stop action with some comedy thrown in."
"The story was fun and interesting, but obviously, the true hero team here was the artsists. Amazing visuals!"
"The voice acting. Colors Each Spider-Man (Gwen and Ham) Villains Storyline

Everything was on point. Very creative. I can't imagine creating a movie like this. Or putting together colors and artwork like this. Beautiful movie. I am not a Spider-Man fan. But this is one of my favorite movies. Thank you for those who can create like this."
Incredible fast-paced and creative Spider-Man for all ages.
"That is my first review for a film. This film is amaaaaazing!!! But I cannot explain, cause you must experience this film for yourself! I always loved the first Spider Man film by Sam Raimi, which also was my favourite spider man film. But that movie, that SPIDER MAN movie is absolutely brilliant and kicked Spider Man from the first place. But please, please see this film! I love to see a second film!"
"This movie is everything that Spider-Man needed to be, after seeing this film i thought that every comic book superhero movie should be with Sony's animation, it's a mix between 3D and pages torn from the spider-man comics, it's fun, the story it's good, the soundtrack it's cool, the animation its amazing, and every character has his back story and their are build up correctly. Now miles morales it's my favorite Spider-Man, and even this animated peter parker as a secondary character its better than the live action ones, to my point of view. There is a lesson that the film explains to you during its development and I left the theater with it in my head, thinking, that we all have the ability to be our own heroes"
"From Sony I didn't expect much, after the first 2 trilogies (the second one being cut short one movie, saying how bad it was) I didn't want to get my hopes up for this Especially since the last Spiderman homecoming was really GOOD, it was so far the best spidey movie by a long shot.

The trailer was promising but it often is so I didn't want to put much trust into this.. but boy was I WRONG! this movie is amazing in so many ways, it's funny, it's packed with action, great design, the sound track matches perfectly, and even the odds parts of the movie (yeah spiderpig and manga version I'm looking at you) ends up being ok (they're just a tiny part of the movie anyway).

There are plenty of scenes that makes you laugh out loud or gasp at how pretty it is! Sure the story isn't anything special, I'd say it's not the point here, you spend time watching an art piece and enjoy it

I'm just hoping they'll release a second one after this, and as a side note, the post credit scene was just the best of all the Marvel movies (MCU included), so thanks Sony for finally making something worthy of the brand!"
"I have loved Peter Parker and Spider-Man since I was a kid. I watched the Raimi films as a child, the Webb films as a teenager, and the MCU Spidey as an adult. I always felt like I could relate to Peter Parker and his struggles while growing up. I was nervous initially about a Miles Morales centered film because I didn't know if I would connect with the character as much because his story is very different from Peters. This film did a wonderful job at really tying all of the Spider-characters together. Miles grew up differently than Peter but he experienced the struggle to fit in, the loss of a loved one, having to discover and accept his true self, and more. I absolutely loved his character and his arc throughout the entire film, as well as Peter B. Parker's and Gwen's arcs. The film is very self-aware and the writers seemed to have known what people like and dislike about Spider-Man and his previous versions, as well as what people understand about the multiverse. The explanation of the multiverse was well explained without getting into sci-fi jargon. Tonaly, this film knew when to be emotional, suspenseful, and humorous at the appropriate times. Lastly, and of course this is an important point, the animation was stunning. A true comic book come to life on the big screen, and this was the perfect medium to tell this story, and I don't believe this film would've worked if it were live-action. As a long-time Spider-Man fan, who is really attached to the character, I truly found this film to be amazing. I wouldn't say perfect, there were some parts I felt could've been elaborated on or touched on, but overall, I loved it."
I like animation movies. These was very good and nice animation movie. It was nice to watch it.
"Better then the Disney created homecoming, more original, more fun and less political crap (none actually). I see this as a continuation of the Toby Maguire Spider-Man movies, which were amazing, had there mistakes of course... but enjoyable nonetheless! So bigger fan of the old Spider-Man so this was fun to watch especially with the whole family! Recommended!:)"
"First I'd like to applaud Sony for taking a risk, by industry standards anyways, and simultaneously making different film versions of a top tier comic book superhero. I think Tom Holland is fantastic in the MCU and will continue to watch those films but any fan boy will relish in telling you how many versions, incarnations, and different well known characters have taken on the mantle of Spider-Man through his nearly sixty year existence. Oh, and this goes for just about every other popular comic superhero from Captain America to Batman. The point being is that these characters have such rich and deeply differing story arcs through the years that studios could absolutely put two or three different versions of the same characters on screen throughout the year. Warner Bros. has also recently taken this route with the upcoming ""Joker"" (2019) film starring Joaquin Phoenix and helmed by ""The Hangover""(2009) director Todd Phillips while still planning to continue with Jared Leto's incarnation in ""Suicide Squad"" (2016) sequels and/or spin-offs. I digress. This movie is absolutely fun to watch. It's groundbreaking animation rips the vivid colors and larger than life stylings straight from the comic pages and gives them life and pop that is both hypnotic and exhilarating. The story has a great pace that handles classic Spider-Man tropes like coming of age, love of family, and accepting moral responsibility while never seeming corny or bogged down. The voice cast is superb with great chemistry, snappy banter, and each ""Spidey"" brings a charm and wit that is unique to their universe while sharing the same brash and fun attitude that is at the core of your favorite neighborhood wall crawler. The villains are do not fail to impress either. Voiced by top names like Academy Award winner Mahershala Ali, Liev Schreiber, Katherine Hahn, classic and modern incarnations of Spidey's rogue gallery nearly steal the film with their near-terrifying and foreboding depictions. Overall this film brings familiar, obscure, and awesomely diverse characters together for an exhilarating and humorous ride with just enough heart and more than you thought you wanted action to earn itself a place in the discussion for best overall comic book movie to date."
"""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" centers on Miles Morales, a young teenager who himself gets bitten by the radioactive spider that turns him into the new Spider-Man. Soon enough, he meets former Spider-Man Peter Parker, who reluctantly teaches him how to use his powers as a force for good. Along the way, they meet up with four different versions of the same superhero: Spider-Gwen, Spider-Ham, Peni Parker and her mechanical suit SP//dr, and Spider-Man Noir, discovering that they are all connected through a multiverse known as the Spider-Verse, comprising of different Spider-Man-related universes.

The film presents itself as a deconstruction of all the familiar aspects of the Spider-Man story and an embracing of everything we love about its mythos. To that end, it succeeds on both fronts, but it also does so in unique and unconventional ways. Much of the screenplay features Peter Parker's signature wit and one-liners in full force times two, thanks in no small part to the involvement of ""Lego Movie"" directors Phil Lord & Christopher Miller. This is all masterfully balanced out, however, by Miles' character arc as he discovers who he is and takes that leap of faith in utilizing his newfound powers. With the origins of the different Spider-Verse characters being quickly sped through, the film gives them room to come into their own and showcase their own abilities as well. All of the other characters, including such supporting players as Miles' parents, have distinct features and personalities that make them all the more diverse. The action feels so much more dynamic here by containing all of the numerous visual details of a comic book and capturing that same intensity. The world-building is presented as a compendium of different aspects to urban New York, which benefits the more universal aspects of the story.

What stands out about the animation itself is how the artists at Sony Pictures Animation take full advantage of the stereoscopic 3D effects and unorthodox techniques to create CGI unlike anything that has ever been seen before; it can best be described as a three-dimensional plane with a two-dimensional style. They go to great lengths to replicate the iconic Spider-Man pencil line art, text/thought bubbles, split-screens, and offset printing panels, giving off the illusion of a comic book in motion, with the occasional flashes of colorful static imagery. Likewise, this extends to the visual onomatopoeia, spider sense/exclamation effects, glitching, and assorted visual aesthetics of Spider-Man Noir (black-and-white), Spider-Ham (cartoon), and Peni (anime). The entire voice cast successfully do their job in making these characters compelling, with Shameik Moore proving to be an absorbing presence as Miles, learning so much more about himself and everything in the multiverse. Jake Johnson's interpretation of Peter Parker is one that is more jaded yet also more of a mentor figure for Miles. Hailee Steinfeld portrays Spider-Gwen, and she balances things with a more down-to-earth approach in her performance. John Mulaney's Spider-Ham provides some much needed physical comedy to the whiz-bang action, while Nicolas Cage captures the brooding mannerisms of Spider-Man Noir extremely well. Supporting performances from Brian Tyree Henry as Miles' father Jefferson, Mahershala Ali as his uncle Aaron, and Liev Schreiber as Kingpin all help to elevate the emotional nature of their respective characters. Daniel Pemberton's score resembles a blend of electronic music beats and Danny Elfman-style orchestration, which significantly adds to the multiverse setting, as does the hip-hop and rap-oriented soundtrack. The film feels that much more poignant with a posthumous cameo appearance from the late Stan Lee, as it showcases his significant impact on the comic book landscape as a whole.

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse,"" with its dazzling comic book-style animation, emotionally gripping story, and captivating characters, proves to be not just the best Spider-Man movie in quite some time, but perhaps even one of the best in the superhero genre."
"I've been watching all Spider-Man movies from Tobey to Tom, but never feel this entertained and thrilled when watching a Spider-Man movie. It's just really great, from the animation, action sequences, characters, humor, serious scenes, all was great. The only flaw I found was, it was too short, so some parts are rushed."
"Everything about this film is very well done, and I am so excited that kids can grow up watching such an amazing, empowering superhero movie with positive messages. The artwork throughout is stunning, and so many different styles are tied together seamlessly, many of them paying respectful homage to Spider-Man's original medium. The plot, voice acting, soundtrack, and humor are also spot-on."
This is the The Best Spider-Man Movie Ever made in my opinion This Spider-Man Movie definitely Do Deserve a 10/10 Rating Trust Me Spidey Fan's You Will Not be disappointed
This is by far the best Spiderman movie! I can't believe Sony was able to pull this off! I hope Sony doesn't rush the sequel out
"The perfect homage to Stan Lee &Kirby and their legacy! A must watch, for the visionary way of translating comics into a movie. It might, just well, set a standard for future titles."
"I never thought the movie was so good. After having seen what they had done previously with Spiderman, I did not really want to see another movie. It took me some time but I've finally seen it thanks to the good comments and it's definitely the best animation I've seen in my whole life. Having combined several styles of addition coupled with a new style of animation has made my head explode watching this movie. Thanks for recovering Spiderman."
This movie is designed to look just like a comic book! And it is absolutely amazing! I would definitely see this again and again and again!
"Great animation, amazing writing, strong character building! This is what marvel should build on. Well done."
This film is an absolute joy from beginning to end.
Spiderman Origin is much Better than Overrated Copycat Batman from Zorro.
Everything about this movie was so good especially the animation
"I was blown away by the animation of this movie. The story is very good. Miles is a kid like any other teen struggling, making choices that affect his future. I loved the character development, the fun characters and the epic battles. Great music throughout. The movie definitely deserved this Oscar for being the most original movie in a long time and for also connecting emotionally with it's viewers. Long live Spidey!"
Best movie this year. Love it. Watched it twice with my sister.
"1 - An absolute stinker of a film, with no redeeming features. It's unlikely that any film will receive this score.

2 - Oh, not great at all. Amongst the worst films ever made.

3 - I won't be back, and am less than pleased I've just spent time watching this.

4 - Very poor effort. Struggled through.

5 - Mediocre. Nothing special at all, but not completely unbearable.

6 - Tries hard. On its way to worthwhile.

7 - Solid viewing. Can't complain - would recommend.

8 - Cracking. Enjoyed immensely. But it takes a lot to get 9.

9 - It takes a lot to get 9.

10 - An absolute banger of a film. Couldn't be better. It's unlikely that any film will receive this score."
"Spider-man: Into the spider verse

I'd like to point out that every family should see this movie.

But I'd especially like to point out this is a movie to take down in history,, black history!

There are several things I love about this movie with out giving too much detail away.

First off black superhero...plot twist...he's a teenager and he tries to escape the fate being Spider-man.

Then there is the Villain...plot twist...not your normal ruin the world type villain.

There some family values...and there is a ton comedy...

You have got to go see it because.....its not just a cartoon...its not like your typical movie that starts off as a cartoon and you cant wait for it to turn regular.

The whole time you are enjoying the animation... your family is loving it.

5 stars for this movie!"
"A solid story and amazing, edgy visuals... including a cameo by Stan Lee.😉

What's not to like?"
"Again they've done a Spider-Man film justice! From the the animation looking near real life picture quality to the excellent music presence for prowler. It brought the comedy side back to scene with very witty characters who had just enough screen time to perfectly implament their relevance to the story. They handled the uncle Ben/Aaron situation to a T. Brought emotion to the film, which is practically hard (especially in an animation) and i completely enjoyed the film for that. Sound track is awesome too 👌🏼"
"I'm not sure if there's anything I can say about this movie that hasn't already been said. That does nothing to change the fact that this is a movie that I haven't been able to get out of the back of my head since I first watched it months ago, nor does having seen it 4 times since then lessen my giddy excitement at the prospect of watching it again and again. But what exactly makes it such a compelling film?

For starters, this film, more so than any other in existence, truly achieves being a comic book brought to life. ""Spider-Verse"" uses a unique and wholly original blend of 2D and 3D animation that is expressive and artistic, yet actually feels more organic and human than more photorealistic animation. It is a difficult style to describe, but there are many a video on YouTube that go into what exactly it is you're watching, and just how insane the process to achieve it was. Other artistic flourishes, such as Benday Dots, panels, narration boxes, and even intentional miscoloring to replicate printing errors of old comic books, truly capitalize on the best of that medium to give character and narrative nuances that regular film simply can't deliver. The resulting hybrid of mediums is beautiful to behold.

Continuing with the ""comic book brought to life"" theme, the plot equally reflects the insanity that the best of Marvel's comic books are capable of delivering. ""Spider-Verse"" takes advantage of the current superhero zeitgeist we're currently in, I think, and it both rewards and plays with our familiarity with Spider-Man and superhero movies in general. This is a film that presents us with the origins of 6 different heroes, 1 villain and his multiple cronies, doppelgangers, and different dimensions - and it all moves along with the confident assurance that the audience can follow along without a problem.

Despite the fantastical nature of everything described above, ""Spider-Verse"" miraculously manages to remain grounded through its focus on its central character. Rather than swinging with Peter Parker this time, we are introduced to Miles Morales, a mixed Black and Hispanic teenager whose immediate struggles include feeling alienated at his new prep school, and his strict father. Miles is a captivating and charming lead. He is different from Peter Parker in many ways, but interestingly, his earnestness endears him to us the same way most interpretations of Peter do, while this universe's Peter is allowed to evolve in ways that are bold and new for his character. Both characters, along with the rest, are brought to life brilliantly by the talented cast.

By giving us the ""idea"" of Spider-Man through the fresh eyes of a new character, ""Spider-Verse"" creates a brilliant and beautiful thematic throughline about what it means to be Spider-Man, which subsequently highlights why the character has been so meaningful to real people for almost 6 decades now. Batman may be popular at least in part due to him being ""realistic"" and theoretically attainable, but it's Spider-Man who shows us what true heroism is, what it takes, and ultimately how accessible it really is. Chances are you'll never be bitten by a genetically altered spider, but you can still be a hero. You can wear the mask.

""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" is a certified masterpiece in my eyes: a film that is equal parts zany, serious, hilarious, dramatic, thoughtful, engaging, and inspiring - as well as a film that is endlessly rewarding with both the story it tells, and the artistic expression it uses to tell that story."
"Better than Knack 2 and Mario Bros 2 combined baby.

The most beautiful art style i have ever seen in a animation movie. So many interesting characters to follow. The cartoonish way was enjoyable to watch. Great humour which is rare in superhero movies, bright colors and awesome music choiches which made every scene, calm of actionfilled even better. You really want to see this movie at the cinema first time you watch it."
"Great film. Everything about it is amazing. There is great humor, great character development, great themes, great villains, great animation, and a great soundtrack. Can't wait for the sequel!"
"Just saw it today, and it was worth every bit of hype everybody surrounded me with. The animation is unique and great in it's own right.

The Spider-Men they chose were unique and fun. The best characters in movies are the ones you want to hang out with and there are a lot of characters in this movie that have that quality.

They also cram a lot of stuff in, and it all somehow worked really well. Nothing felt out of place and nothing felt unresolved.

Overall, I am one who greatly loves Spiderverse, and I forgive Sony and the Emoji movie.

Oh wait Angry Birds 2 is next NEVERMIND!"
"Honestly i was kinda fed up at first with the whole Spider man character as we have seen its development repeated through the past couple of years over and over. long story short this is turned out to the best Spider man movie i have ever watched, it has all success elements perfected, the plot along with the music and the new revolutionary animation style have made this such an amazing and mesmerising masterpiece."
I really enjoyed this movie I never normally like marvel movies but this one was great and the animation was stunning and gorgeous and the characters where great . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes spider-man because I recon Any spider-man fan will enjoy this and is a great kids movie. highly highly recommended. Best animated movie of 2018.
"I actually just watched the movie. As the previous student majored in animation, I couldn't love more on how it combined 3D and 2D perfectly. I love the animation, although it missed some frames in between for playing more smoothly maybe. Really enjoy the colours, plot and music in the movie. Highly recommend!"
EVERYTHING WAS SO FANTASTIC IN THIS MOVIE THE ANIMATION THE STORY THE CHARACTERS THE CONSEQUENCES OF THOSE CHARACTERS GOD THIS MOVIE WAS SO PHENOMENAL IT WAS SPETACULAR FANTASTIC THE AMAZING SPIDER MAN MOVIE WE HAVE WANTED FOR YEARS THIS BEATS RAMI'S MOVIES!!!!! THIS IS THE NEW GOLD STANDARD
"Been a comic book lover since 1965 when I was 5 years old. No one could have told me that they would be making comic book blockbusters and Emmy nominated hero shows, but that is the wonderful world in which I live today. But, even my expectations were exceeded by Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. If you have any affinity for comic book characters, and Spiderman exceptionally, do yourself a favor and check out this movie in 4-Max if you can. Going to see it again need week."
"This is one of the most unique animated movie experiences from start to finish... I cannot recommend it enough! The story, the characters, the animation style (pure heaven). It is just amazing!"
"This movie had shown us how MCU can produce a marvellous animation. Superb graphics, action packed and soundtracks are so good that you dwell in this movie completely. Marevls not to be underestimated in animation segment after this stunner."
"Really enjoyed it hence why I gave it a 10/10. A mixture of funniness, hapiness and sadness. Really good."
"This beautifully animated masterpiece is something no-one would have expected from Sony animation. if you told me in early 2018 that one of the best films I would ever see is produced by Sony animation, I would laugh in your face and tell you - ""Funny, but let's return to reality"". The masterfully built screenplay is amazing, which I would expect from one of the lord brothers. This movie is able to make you cry and then laugh 2 minutes later, which sounds like tonal inconsistency, but somehow is pulled off. I would honestly compare this movie to the godfather as one of the best movies of all time and definitely the best animated film I've ever seen (though I haven't seen Spirited Away). If you haven't watched this film, you are simply missing out on an amazing experience."
No need to waste words. This is a true masterpiece.
"I thought this movie was really good, I've never seen this animation style ever before in a movie. The soundtrack was good, characters were interesting and the plot was engaging. Would watch this movie again"
Listen to everyone who recommended this movie to you! Don't waste your time meddling around until you have seen this movie!
Watching this movie was so fun! It's the kind of movie you have to see in the theater and multiple times!
"Everything about this movie was absolutely amazing. The colours, the plot, the character development, etc; it all made it a thrill to watch! I highly recommend watching, even to non Spider-Man fans."
Best Spider-Man film ever man! But they are missing the best version of Spider-Man: when JJ Jamison was wearing the Toby Miguire suit in that deleted scene from Spider-Man 2
"This movie is wonderful. I love this movie. This is the best animation movie of 2018. This is the best spiderman movie ever. Why? It is just not only a MIles Morales Story. It is a great Spider-Man story.

It is all about ""With great power comes great responsibility"""
"I'm late to this party. My son kept asking me to watch and I just wasn't feeling it based on the description. I get it. The Spiderman franchise was getting a little stale and looking for a younger more diverse audience. Enter our teenage hero Miles who admittedly I was wrong to think was miscast.

Now stay with me here because I'm admitting I was wrong but when I first heard/read Spider-Man would now be an African American teenager I kind of eye rolled. Why? Well, what would you think if Black Panthers sequel was recast as a white teen from the suburbs? I'm sure it would illicit eye rolls plus. Well, sometimes you have to eat crow and admit you're wrong. This reimagining is done terrifically. After two minutes I forgot I was watching an animated movie. The writing is hilarious and relatable. The action scenes are unlike any I have ever witnessed in an animated movie. And Miles (Spider-Man) is amazing as he comes into his own. I loved the storyline between him and his uncle. As well as the welcome addition of a more traditional Spidey from far, far away...here to mentor young Miles as he navigates his new-found powers and teenager angst.

This movie begs for s sequel or a Netflix series. I enjoyed it more than any of the big box office blockbusters and my son has watched it dozens of times. We even got my wife to watch...trust me, that's an accomplishment. So, c'mon Netflix/Sony.....Get on it.....we're waiting."
"If that, the cameo's of Stan Lee, the animation and the ending didn't give you the goosebumps, then I really don't know what could possibly do it...That's all I can say, I am absolutely stunned..."
"I must say this movie is one of the best animated movie I've ever seen.It almost feels like real , great effects , great story , great messages ""Leap of faith"", and yes ""with great powers comes great responsibilities"" cliché ."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spiderverse Dir: Bob Persichetti, Peter A. Ramsy, Rodney Rothman. Runtime: 1 hr 57 mins

Synopsis: Spider-Man mentors a young teenager from Brooklyn New York to become the next web slinging hero.

Great reviews, a lil disappointed in myself for not seeing this opening night as I usually do for superhero flicks it was well worth avoiding spoilers and seeing in the night theater screens. I've heard it multiple times from multiple people that this is the best Spider-Man film so far and I can absolutely agree with that. The story is something taken straight from a comic book story arc. Not hard to follow given they explain what the multiverse is effortlessly so the confusion is easy to overcome. Great plot twist halfway through. I suppose you could see it coming if paying close attention but if your engulfed in the storyline it's a pretty good shocker. They managed to retell the Spider-Man origin story over and over considering EVERYONE knows how Spider-Man got his powers. The animation is like nothing that's been done before and if I'm not mistaken Sony animation actually copyrighted the animation used in this film. It was like watching a comic book in real-time. How it's read the little yellow thought bubbles throughout gave me such a warm fuzzy feeling inside. Although the animation is unique and is stunning some of it can be a little hard on the eyes, lots of flashing lights, some of the scene where the background is out of focus is on purpose but it almost feels like wearing the wrong prescription glasses. The characters and costume design is so on point, the attention to detail becomes a main point in making the characters come to life. Miles' suit has always been red and black take on the classic Spider-Man costume but they gave a background as to why it's red and black which I thought was a great origin add to the film. Kingpin was probably the best idea for a villain in a film like this. Not sure if there would be a sequel yet make it drastic enough that the film can stand on its own. The late and great Stan Lee even makes a cameo which given the circumstances of the storyline at the time I could feel my eyes start to swell up. It's a 100 percent theatre watch. Just for the animation alone and soundtrack it's amazing on the big screen. Overall I can agree that this is THE best Spider-Man film yet. At least it is the most genuine to the character that is Spider-Man. What's great is that the ""Spiderverse"" is a huge factor in the Spider-Man comics and story arcs. The over all message of the Spiderverse unlike other heroes and their multiverse doppelgängers is that anyone can be Spider-Man. That's why Spider-Man's identity in the comics is so secretive. Spider-Man is an idea, anyone can wear the mask. Don't forget there is a great post credit scene after the credits.

""That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero."" -Stan Lee"
"This movie was just amazing. To start off, the animation was absolutely phenomenal. It's animated in a way that makes you feel like you're standing inside a comic book. It was beautiful and awesome to look at. From the moment that the seizure-inducing logo played at the beginning, I knew we were in for a treat. It was the coolest animation style I've ever seen. The soundtrack was equally awesome, and I've been listening to it on repeat for the past few days. I was pleasantly shocked when I heard juice wrld's voice in the movie. I mean that's just cool. The soundtrack really built onto the movie and created such a unique vibe that you won't find in any other spiderman movie. Furthermore, the action, story, and pacing were all great as well. This movie is a thrill ride from start to finish, with some truly hilarious moments, some very serious/emotional/moving moments, some moments that are just plain awesome, and more. There are even a few legitimate jump scares. The action is visually awesome and not overdone or underdone. This movie keeps you on your toes and there is not a single part where you'll become bored. As for the characters, surprise, they are great too. Miles is an amazing protagonist, and while I went into the movie skeptical about a spiderman that wasn't peter parker, I went out a huge fan of miles morales. He's a very relatable and likable character, and he goes through a moving and meaningful arc throughout the film. His relationship with several mentors plays a key role in the movie, including with peter b parker. This different take on the character works very well. As for the rest, gwen is a badass (and kinda hot?), noir is hilarious, porker is pretty funny, and peni is kinda just there but still pretty cool. However, I'm not sure why there were so many villains in this movie. Kingpin was awesome (albeit a bit ridiculous in design) and the way he *spoiler* really shocked me. It was brutal. I understood his basic plan and his motivations but I wish we got just a bit more character development from him. Instead, we got a load of random side villains, who were all pretty cool but I just feel like 1 or 2 could have been eliminated to give more screentime to kingpin. Prowler was amazing though. He was extremely intimidating, had a great soundtrack and plays a key role in the movie as a whole. Of course this movie has a few other imperfections (1 or 2 jokes didnt land, there were a couple minor inconsistencies/plot holes, it could have been a tad longer) but no movie is completely perfect. As far as animated movies go, this is easily one of the best i've ever seen. It's also my favorite spiderman movie and one of my favorite superhero movies. Seriously, don't sleep on it just because it's animated. It is 100% worth the watch. Whoever made this movie clearly put immense effort into it and it shows. 9.6/10"
"This film is excellent on many levels, but if I were to choose one I would pick ""the personal growth level"". This film makes us better people and exceeds, for once, the limitations of both the super hero and cartoon genres."
"This movie has it all comedy, drama, high points, low points, middle points. We see a new Peter that we have never seen before, even in comics. This along with Miles being a great kid who doesn't figure it out right away, and Gwen being awesome, the characterization of everyone is great. Aunt May is even different from what I expected. The soundtrack is good. The villains, specifically the big one, has a good motivation behind what they are doing. Overall fantastic movie, and it should have gotten Best Picture in the Oscars."
"A bunch of boys saw this movie and they loved it. It was fast paced, interesting and the animation was great. Will watch this movie again for sure."
"First off the only complaint I have is that not every villain had much backstory but for a movie as long as it is with 5-6 villains. Besides from that the music is amazing, the animation is totally unique and the story was very well written. The voice actors totally delivered on their lines and I can't wait for the sequel (please let there be one). I recommend this to ANY one interested."
"Many superhero movies are being released lately, but most of them I feel kinda disconnected with. But Miles made me feel like being Spiderman could be really cool. The sequence where he accepts his role is awe inspiring and brought smile to my face like no other movie I watched this past year."
"Not that I like lists; they always change. But if you compiled the top 100 animated films, this would easily crack the top 25 for me. An ageless animation style, character depth deeper than the Mariana Trench, and seemingly infinite Easter eggs make you want to watch it again as soon as it's over."
"I thought the film was the best because it was experimental. What I liked was the look, these different styles were really awesome. Another thing I really loved about the movie was the humor and how it ""changed"" the clichés. A very, very big recommendation!"
"MAJOR SPOILERS--Alright, I've had enough of hiding this from public sight. If you are reading this now, let me make it clear to the world: I LOVE THIS FREAKING MOVIE. It is literally the most flawless and masterful thing from the 2010s, flat line. If anything, I believe it is the best animated film. Period. The animation is unlike anything else and I'm willing justify how much effort they put into both the character designs and the special effects around them. Little details like the different frame rates as Miles growing in development throughout the story are still being discovered overtime. The characters are memorable and rich in detail and development--each one has their own unique style and personality, particularly the six Spider people. Gwen Stacy and Peni Parker are my favorite characters (sue me on this, but I have a crush on the former). They are both adorable and just deserve their own spinoffs as strong female leads. Miles himself is a strong protagonist that breaks the mold... no wonder he got his own DLC for the Spider-Man PS4 game. The story is well-paced and incredible. The humor is well-written (it sent both me and my grandma laughing at Gwen's hair getting ripped on one side). I even almost cried when--spoilers--Miles' uncle got shot. This film is fantastic. Go watch it. OR ELSE."
This whole movie is just so good. It has lots of action whilst being funny. The storyline is very well written as well. Also the soundtrack is AMAZING. Its been three years and i still love it. Im not a big marvel person but this movie was an absolute banger.
"My middle school aged son is a huge Spiderman fan. We both anticipated seeing Spiderverse, and it did not disappoint. He absolutely loved it. The film's visuals are stunning and the soundtrack was on point., resulting in a great combination.

As a NYC girl I loved the Brooklyn vibe throughout the film. The borough was represented well. Miles Morales is a groundbreaking character that is very relatable. The Morales Family is a refreshing familial relationship in an animated film or any genre for that matter. Miles' Uncle Aaron is one of the coolest uncles to hit the screen. The Parker dynamic is surprisingly as well; Aunt May will bring an unexpected smile to your face.

The film introduces the comic books multiverse Spidermen, Spiderwomen, and alternate characters: Spider-Man Noir, Spide-Gwen, Peni Parker, Spider-Ham (yes he is a pig). Nick Cage's Spiderman Noir is my sentimental favorite but I enjoyed all the characters. The chemistry was incredible. Each of these characters can have their own stand-alone film; the possibilities are endless.

This movie is definitely worth seeing again and again on the big screen. The sky is the limit with this universe."
Best spider-man animation movie.References were great.Atmosphere was great.You never get bored while watching.Exactly watch this movie
"For the full effect you have to watch this on a full-size theatre screen. It was visually stunning. Great storyline, acting and the soundtrack was superb. Big thumbs up to Marvel for this one."
"The Peter Parker in miles' world, he has blonde hair and blue eyes and it was cool and weird at the same and miles' black and red is Peter's suit from his world because if you look close you can see the web pattern and miles just spray painted it"
This movie took everything that was great about the comic books and made it real. Amazing.
Many people have tried to adapt great storylines that are in many comics with many either succeeding or fall hard. This film is the perfect crossover of every single Spider-Man that has ever existed throughout the history of Marvel Comics
"You did it, Sony. A sincere round of applause for you. After a drought of mediocre to box-office bombs in Spider-Man reboots and X-Men spin-offs. You found the magic in this one. You even laughed at yourself too (the opening cracks at pop-culture SpiderMan and the Raimi films were hilarious).

This movie is a solid home run for Sony, and I mean it. It landed next to every one of its punches. The story great. The visual effects/animation was excellent. The casting/character charisma was organic and balanced.

I literally walked out of the theater with an old college buddy saying, ""This better win the Oscar for animated film of the year."" And it did. Well-deserved.

This film is really about mentorship/parenting and restoration. We see a young Miles Morales get his powers and looks for guidance. He's insecure and unsure of himself. He wants someone to guide him through and show him the way. Unfortunately, when he jumped on the Peter Parker mentorship program, he got the bait-and-switch. He signs up for ideal Peter and gets broken Peter instead, which was a nice touch from a writing standpoint.

Broken Peter is just that, broken. He has been around the block a few times, and life has put him through the ringer. He's made bad choices, and his life is shipwrecked because of those choices.

It's no mystery that a common phrase used in this film is ""I still manage to get back up."" Broken Peter has been knocked down, hard. And in one of the gags of this film, he ""took it like a champ"", cut to him crying in the shower.

Broken Peter is lost, and Miles needs guidance. Miles manages to remind Broken Peter of his calling and purpose, reminding Peter who he truly is. Reluctantly, Broken Peter leads, and as things play out, he is renewed and restored.

I actually remember thinking, ""Give us hope"" as the themes were playing out, hoping they wouldn't leave us, the audience, in Broken Peter'a lostness. In the end, Miles finds his stride thanks to Restored Peter, and Restored Peter is just that, restored.

A serious nod to the casting for Miles and Broken Peter. The chemistry there is outstanding.

No real critiques here. Good job, guys."
A delicious new approach to Spider man that includes ham. Warning the volume spikes and drops a lot. Includes a multiple of characters and follows the hero's journey which makes it enjoyable.
"One of my favorite movies, I can't wait to see the live action of it. I liked the relationship between Peter and Miles, how Peter trusts him and cares about him like an older brother, and I really liked that broke Peter Parker he's so funny :) . It's spider man movie but with different story, different characters, and that's what we need something new ! Well done sony ;)"
"Not only does the story surprises you with a mature-content and a family friended mensage, the art of the movie is one of the most beautiful and inovating of the last year or two. With a great soundtrack, Miles Morales gets you in the heart with his brooklyn style surrounded by his diversity crew. A great movie with strong woman, black, latino and asian charecters! And of course, Stan Lee is honered by such a good job with Spider-Man. Totally worth it doesnt matter how old you are, a must seen."
Get passed the first ten minutes and you get used to the animation sit back and enjoy one of the best Spider-Man films there is.
Story line is awesome ... Just fallen in love with this animated flim
It was really awesome. Hope they make more of these.
Absolutely amazing. The animation and visuals in this film are absolutely incredible. Excellent writing with a cool use of comic book dialogue. The soundtrack is fantastic and will have you wanting to listen to it long after the film is over. Great story. Lots of laughs and tear jerking moments and it ceases to entertain. Biggest message of the film is to take a leap in life to get yourself to where you need to be. Loved this movie.
Didn't expect I'm going to like this so much! Brilliant work. Can't wait for a sequel!!
"The only reason you are reading this is because you watched it and know how AMAZINGLY GOOD IT IS! and now youre just looking for someone to put it into words. Let's just accept it, There are none."
Best spider-man into the spider verse movie ever better than others spider-man movies
The best spiderman movie I ever saw with amazing soundtrack and cool animation
"I love this movie. Great animation, character, and story. Ant the post credit scene is freaking funny!"
"A visual masterpiece, this movie had me entranced from start to finish. A worthy send off to the Great Stan Lee."
"Excellent story, relatable characters, action packed, funny, and last but not least an absolutely outstanding work of animation. Best movie of 2018 for me no exaggeration."
"The journey, this movie takes you on, is amazing! Stan Lee, you can be proud of them <3"
"Stunning animation, expertly crafted story telling, and no shortage of laughs- Into the Spider-verse was everything a superhero movie should be. Everyone else needs to up their game if they wanna compete with this."
I loved how this movie balanced both a sense of humor and very effective dramatic scenes extremely well. It also took the Spider-Man origin story and adapted it to make it more interesting. The voice acting was flawless abd the animation was stunning. I loved this movie
"The most refreshing animation of the past decade, the best adaptation of spiderman in cinema, and arguably best superhero film of all time."
"Easily the best Spiderman film I've ever seen, tells the classic story, with a twist, while staying true to the comics."
"Absolutely the best spiderman movie of all time regardless cartoon versions or editions performed by human actors. Great visuals, excellent story, emotional, superb action. This one put standards for onward Spiderman's really high. Don't miss it!"
"The way Marvel does things is spectacular . The premise, however, was weird , for lack of a better word for it. I really don't know how to explain it.. the movie was hilarious and great but their plot was not the best. I do not know why Marvel decided to make it only for theaters and not a DVD or rental. They should add it to Netflix or another video service ."
"Overall, this is literally the best animated Spider-Man movie I've ever seen, I mean the comic designs, the characters, the action, and everything else is just amazing, but I feel like the could've done more with the story because of how rushed the movie seemed but either way this movie deserves a 10/10 especially when Miles defeated KingPin in an amazing fight, and I'm looking forward to the next one coming out."
"Overall, this is literally the best animated Spider-Man movie I've ever seen, I mean the comic designs, the characters, the action, and everything else is just amazing, but I feel like the could've done more with the story because of how rushed the movie seemed but either way this movie deserves a 10/10 and I'm looking forward to the next one coming out."
"Overall, this is literally the best animated Spider-Man movie I've ever seen, I mean the comic designs, the characters, the action, and everything else is just amazing, but I feel like the could've done more with the story because of how rushed the movie seemed but either way this movie deserves a 10/10 and I'm looking forward to the next one coming out."
"Overall, this is literally the best animated Spider-Man movie I've ever seen, I mean the comic designs, the characters, the action, and everything else is just amazing, but I feel like the could've done more with the story because of how rushed the movie seemed but either way this movie deserves a 10/10 and I'm looking forward to the next one coming out."
"Overall, this is literally the best animated Spider-Man movie I've ever seen, I mean the comic designs, the characters, the action, and everything else is just amazing, but I feel like the could've done more with the story because of how rushed the movie seemed but either way this movie deserves a 10/10 and I'm looking forward to the next one coming out."
"This movie was heartwarming, breathtaking, tearjerking, action packed.. there's Soo much going on in this film so many moments both sad and empowering, man this movie is so motivational and inspirational."
"The technology, the artistry, the plot, the SOUNDTRACK!! OMG! Thank you Marvel and for goodness sake, KEEP IT UP PLEASE!"
"Holy smokes, that was a fun ride! I don't buy many movies these days, but I so plan on leaving this. I absolutely loved it from the amazing animation style to the great story telling."
"Thank you so much for making this a reality. Everything was perfect about it, even the soundtrack added to the experience. Though THOUGH dont even get me started on the outstanding beautiful animation. A solid ten out of ten from me and my friend."
"This is the first superhero film that takes full advantage of the comic book medium, splashing it proudly onscreen with its gorgeous animation, incredible action sequences, and radical soundtrack. Crafted with genuine and absolute passion by its creators, it honors not only the talent and heart of its titular character himself, but (unlike any superhero film before) also celebrates the wider lore and mythology of the comics themselves.

Spider-Verse is the rare superhero film that truly and authentically explores the heart and soul of who Spider-Man. By expanding the titular superhero character to a diverse new roster, it posits the rare moral message that anyone can be Spider-Man.

While not without very minor grips and flaws (for example, its pacing and slightly poorer villains), Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a landmark film, a milestone in the superhero genre, and rightfully stands as one of the greatest superhero films ever made."
"The soundtrack, visuals, plot, character development and comedy was out of this world !!!"
"I'm not going to leave a review as such just a little advice, you need to look past the fact it's an animated film because this Spider-Man film is in opinion an epic piece of storytelling, also the whole production was fantastic I could list everything I enjoyed about the film line by line however it would simply take to long. People need to take notes because this in my opinion is the best Spider-Man yet, really enjoyed it."
"I did not expect to love a spider-man movie that much. You don't have to have watched any other spider-man movies or even read a single comic book, or know what a comic book is! This puts the bar really high if you count on watching any other spider-man movies after this one though.

The colors are superb, the timing is perfect, the music isn't my cup of tea yet it fitted perfectly in the movie apart for maybe two songs. The sound effects following the villain giving with their caricatural yet fitting appearance gives them even more presence than I would've expected.

I demand you watch this movie legally because I was told it made a low grossing worldwide and it worries me that it would make studios not work on movies like these again."
Incredible the experience I had with this movie. brilliant storytelling and animation. Outstanding!
"This film is amazing. It has stunning visuals and an unapologetic convoluted story line. Which they absolutely nail.

Most of the things that are absolutely right with this animation can be seen directly from the trailer: the art direction, the unique motion of every character, the great soundtrack...

What I want to talk about here are the following 2 things
the characters
the medium


First of all, the characters are both extremely cool and likable. The design is on point, and also their movement and outfits complement their personalities extremely well.

Secondly, this is the best adaptation of a comic to a movie that i have ever seen. You get that comic feel, that hard copy dynamic reading experience that you would get as a kid when you would quickly jump from panel to panel in great expectation of where the action will take the heroes.

This movie made me feel like a kid again without any cheap tricks. It pushes the medium in such a way that after all this superhero fatigue you are getting something fresh and possibly ageless.

I really loved it, and think most audiences will. If you like the trailer, be assured, the movie delivers on all its promises and then some.

Have fun at the cinema !"
"I don't know WHY any hater could write a negative review on this movie?!?!?!? Let us see how you would do it?!?!!?' Let us all see how YOU would write this comic/movie?!?!?.

This movie was great. I'm not a movie ""Buff"" I'm not a movie ""Critic"" I've never been part of a 8.0+ movie writer, producer, director, actor, etc, etc.

With that....loved this movie. AWESOME!

Thank you for giving me an awesome evening. Loved this movie. And I AM NOT a Spider-Man fan. Hahahahaha Lol."
"Great animation, soundtrack and story. This movie deserves the credits it got, hoping they will continue to use this style of animation in the next movies."
"The spectacular animation is a sight to behold. A definite game changer in movie making history. The story is remarkable in it's own right and makes the animation work. With a megaton of heart and humor, this story is great. Expertly written. The relationships of the male role models to Miles is spot on. The relationship of Gwen and Miles is spot on. Spiderman 2 blew me away with a live action Doc Ock and Peter Parker played to perfection and a story with a lot of heart also. Spiderman Into The Spiderverse has surpassed that in my opinion."
This film is more than amazing because it shows a whole new hero! 10/10!
There is not much I can put into words about how amazing this film is so I will not just watch the you will understand why it is amazing
It's easy to see how this became the visual masterpiece it is. The creators put a lot of love and passion into its making and the results are amazing!
It's mindblowing how they were able to tell so many character back stories in such a short amount of time.
Oh wow. I am blown away. How on Earth did an animated film such as this do so well? And how were they able to take all these separate characters and give them so much development without the film feeling like it was dragging.
"Like the title says, it was surprising - in a good way. Very well thought out idea of comics movie. It means, that there are some scenes like it was cut out from book. Very interesting idea and it works great! Even the story? This was very well thought movie and i was very suprised how great it was and right now, I would wish, that there would be a sequel."
"SONY redeemed themselves from the flop that was the Emoji Movie, and introduced one of the most amazing Spider-Man movies of all time! The animation, the pacing, the characters, and the musical scores -- all of these were perfect! Will definitely want to watch it again and again."
"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse is one of the movies that when you see, you will just be left speechless and dumbfounded because of the superior animation, amazing story, and great soundtrack which you can jam with anytime."
This is a MASTERPIECE! Best experience of my life so far!
Stan Lee can rest easy in heaven knowing that his beloved Spidey has a very good movie now. Kudos to everyone who created this masterpiece of a movie. Excelsior!
"This could possibly be the best comic book film ever made and if nothing else, one of the most astonishing animated films I've ever seen. You have to see this film."
Ok for starters I suck at writing so just read this ok but something told me to watch this movie and it took a little bit but me and my wife went to the movies to see it and we both loved it I couldnt get enough I teared up I was the most annoying person laughing in the theater but this is one of the best movies I have seen in a while like its that good I want to see it again and again
"I have always been a fan of Spider-man ever since I was a kid, and I must say, forget the previous renditions of Spider-man, this one IS...THE...BOMB! Watch it if you haven't seen it yet. Seriously, watch it."
"Every second of the movie was incredibly fun. Sony did an amazing job with the animation, never seen anything like that before. Go watch it."
Animators really outdid themselves on this one by giving each character a uniqueness to them.
"Despite having a plot that's almost predictable, the visual style and the way it was presented made the film feel fresh."
"The visuals, concepts, soundtrack, and characters are some of the best I've ever seen!"
There really is no way to describe this film. It is just plain AMAZING!
"Great storyline and cast, amazing soundtrack and stunning visuals. Big thanks to both Marvel and Sony for making Spider-Man great again."
The stylish animation presented in this film was just top-notch. It feels like they combined comic book visuals and Playstation animation to create this perfect look.
"More than the visuals, the story was great. The pacing was just impressive and they told the story wonderfully."
It's like reading a comic book and watching a movie at the same time! Indescribable!
"This movie gave the ""comic book coming to life"" vibe that surely made all who were watching, Marvel fans or not, enjoy the movie till the very last second."
"Appealing to all ages, teaches a lot of lessons, and full of surprises! 11/10 will watch again."
Miles Morales is the best Spider-Man as far as I'm concered.
"One of the best portrayal of Spider-Man for me, with fresh new characters and villains alike."
"The animation: the animation is groundbreaking with its mix of cgi and comic book style, the character designs and character animations are top notch The story: it has a a basic plot, but it does enough to stick out from the crowd and the light hearted tone of the film really helps. The characters: the characters are all perfect and how I would imangine them to be in a feature length film, some examples include peninparker, Peter porker and some much more to see. So in conclusion I give spider man into the spider verse a 9/10"
Innovative. Masterpiece. Best movie out of 2018. Can't get over how great this movie is.
"Greatest animation movie so far, and story delivers, can watch it for days on end, eye candy."
"Best animated movie I've ever seen, such a unique cool movie. I loved it!"
"First off I didn't think it was gonna be good. I thought it was going to be some SJW Spiderman, ok you know what I mean. As a comic book collector I begin to appreciate why Spider-Gwen and Miles' copies are ""flying"" off the shelves. Definitely a must watch for Spider-man fans and Marvel in general. Guess I'll be following the comics as well"
"Pure brilliance. A story jam packed with fun, adventure and relationships, the characters are solid, the voicing was spot-on, the visuals were perfection (seriously, a joy to behold), the soundtrack was among my favourite of the year. Disclaimer I'm a semi-hardcore comic book fan but this was still my favourite Spidey film ever and as a standalone movie (comics withstanding), went straight in at one of my faves ever - and I'm usually not easily pleased. Very excited about further character developments, post credits characters (no spoilers) and other opportunities for others to come into this style. If Sony continue to be involved then I certainly hope it contains a lot more of this!"
"This movie is unbelievably good. In an era of safe and trope-y animated film, Into the Spider-Verse is bold, dynamic, and emotional. Miles Morales feels like a real person. His problems feel like real problems. Brooklyn feels like real Brooklyn. That's an incredible feat for a movie that's anything but grounded in real life -- packed with inter-dimensional spider-people looking to close a portal across worlds.

If I could give this movie an 11/10 I would because it's flawlessly executed. Every frame's a painting. Phenomenal."
"This was by far the best Spider-Man movie ever.I Read about all the work the animation got into and how many people were involved and that was just terrific.All the emotions have been so wonderfully potrayed, there were even thrilling moments during the prowler scene and the Peter Parker death scene."
"Wow!!! I was swept off my feet after watching this one. Simply dope and GOAT Spidey flick, period.

The story, characters, animation, music, humour and action everything is too notch. A must watch even if you are not a Spidey Fan."
"This is one of the best movies Sony Pictures Animation has ever made. The pace is very fast, and multiple cameos are in the film. Most of them are so fast you may miss them! The animation is so good. It's designed to look like a comic book. It's also funny, intense, and loud! I like how the trailer hid most of the violence in it to make this movie seem better than expected!

In the movie, it focuses on Miles Morales instead of Spider-Man. Miles is our main character. And Wilson Fisk (also known as Kingpin) is our main villain. With a runtime of 1 hour and 56 minutes, this is the longest film produced by Sony Pictures Animation. I'm happy that this film won an Oscar, and was widely acclaimed by critics and fans.

This movie may not reach a billion dollars at the box office, but it's still a great movie. If you haven't watched this movie, what are you waiting for?! Go watch this movie! I'd give this movie a 10 out of 10! This is my favorite animated movie of 2018, with Incredibles 2 being the second and Ralph Breaks the Internet being the third."
This movie is well made and the artwork is beautiful. The movie is quite comical and has really good music to go with it. It made me feel like I'm watching an animated comic which was very well done. Highly recommend this movie
Oh wow. I am blown away. How on Earth did an animated film such as this do so well? And how were they able to take all these separate characters and give them so much development without the film feeling like it was dragging.
"It is like watching a comic book come to life! The stylish way it was presented, along with the spectacular storytelling, made me love the Spider-Man that is Miles Morales more."
"Despite the short amount of time, it was incredible that they were able to give so much backstory to all the characters they had!"
This movie was the absolute bomb! Great sony adaption for the M.arvel C.inematic U.niverse Saw this in theaters in december I have to say Icomplete loved this movie I highly reccomend it!
"I will be honest I had put this off until one day the TV was poor, what an amazing film. Well worth a watch. Watch till after the credits."
"Very realistic to the comics, interesting storyline."
Go watch this movie. That is all. You will not be disappointed. Everything about this movie is a work of art.
"Outstanding visuals, interesting plot, its like being on a joyful ride the whole movie!"
I loved this film. Amazing all the way around. Visual affects were absolutely stunning.
Llove it bro I realyy love it i mean this is mind blowing
"It's such an amazing movie! When it first came out, I expected it to be like perfect animation (I didn't watched the trailer) but the imperfections made the movie more enjoyable! I look forward for the sequels!"
"All right people, let's do this one last time. Saying this movie is a masterpiece is an understatement, the way it is beautifully constructed is out of this universe (see what I did there). This is more of an emotional rollercoaster than a pregnant woman on acid. One moment you're laughing you're teeth out, and then you're given a punch to the gut. The attention to detail in this is astounding, every time you watch it, you discover more. This isn't a movie, this is an experience. It isn't a movie, it's a blessing."
Sony really nails making character movement look detailed and pronounced.
This is a spectacular masterpiece. Cannot fault it at all. Go watch it
"Even though I love the Sam Raimi Spider Man trilogy (yes even including SM3) I think this is the absolute best Spider Man movie I've seen that is worth watching multiple times. If you haven't seen it yet, go and watch it!"
Will exceed the most hopeful expectations. Ten Stars. Ten Stars. Ten Stars. It says my review is too short still. Ten Stars.
The animation looks so crisp and comic like i love it. The movie has every thing for everyone. Don't miss this one.
"First off, I'd like to say that this movie isn't really a kids movie, I was surprised by the mature themes in the movie, but it was welcomed. I thought it would be a very light hearted movie but I cried, I laughed, I was in suspense and overall I had a great time watching this movie.

The trailers hooked me instantly with that animation style, it's frickin' fantastic! And in the movie, well it's still fantastic, nothing gets too cluttered or too much for you to comprehend.

But this movie is not all bells and whistles with stylized visuals, there's a great story that goes along with the animation style. Miles Morales journey to become Spider-Man is very relatable and the message (which has been around for years) is that anyone can be Spider-Man. That message hasn't really been prevalent in the movies before and it's such an important message when it comes to the Spider-Man mythos.

The version of Peter Parker we get to follow is an interesting one that has not been seen in any movie before, an older one that has been at it for over two decades and is kind of tired and bored with it. He's somewhat similar to Wolverine in Logan (although not as far gone per se).

The villains save for two are kind of bland, there maybe could have been more work done there, but as the movie's main focus is Miles, I can forgive that.

Excellent movie overall, go see it as soon as you can!"
"I didn't know anything about this film, when my husband said he wanted to watch the new spiderman movie I was unimpressed when i realised he meant a cartoon which i assumed was for kids. But wow, this film is amazing! So so funny, cheeky, visually impressive and gripping storyline. If you think this is for kids, don't be fooled! Give it a go."
Most creative and unique movie I've seen in a long time. Beautiful artistry.
"First of all this movie blew my expectations for it way out of the water. I didn't understand how a movie could handle all the different Spider-Men and Women in one setting while still making the movie solely about Miles Morales. The movie was fun, action-packed, and had a very well put together story. It really captured the essence of what Spider-Man is all about: the fact that we could all wear the mask. Great movie!"
"Although I do enjoy them I have never really been a HUGE fan of superhero movies specially not Spider-Man. I only saw this as a teaser at the end of Venom and was really intrigued by the animation/graphics style.

Fast forward a few months, my Marvel-fanatic friend tells me Into the Spider-Verse is in theaters and that we should go watch it. I was still interested after watching the clip but I never cared to watch any of the trailers (boy am I glad!).

What I experienced was an amazing 2 hours of the most beautiful looking visuals and animations that blew me away. I am pretty sure I had a visual-orgasm for the first time. The story-telling is smooth and I cannot think of one thing that they got wrong. The tiny nuances of the characters and the attention to detail in this movie is something that sets the bar so high for others. Now, I have watched the other Marvel hits (Guardians of Galaxy-ies being my favorite) but this one is on a totally different level.

I am gonna go watch this again (which I have never done in my life) before it's out of the theaters and the only thing that worries me is if they'll live up to this in the sequel !"
I've seen it 5 times. Perfect way to introduce Miles Morales and the spiderverse to the world. Can't wait too see the next installment.
"That's perfect, i really enjoyed watching this MASTERPIECE."
"I rarely good reviews but this was one of the best movies I've ever seen. Amazing characters, story, funny, emotional, and soundtrack. Everything in the story had a connection to the movie's themes and not a second was wasted from the first second. The animation was a game changer for comic book movies!"
"Seriously, just do it.

I saw another review which said it was, ""cinematic euphoria"" and I can't possibly think of a better way to describe it. The raw creativity in this film is legitimate astounding. An artist's wonderland."
"Reviewing films can seem fun, but it actually takes discipline to explain all the elements of a film and to express your opinion succinctly. Check out our film review samples to gain a better understanding of how to write one yourself."
"He is not falling ,he is raising! Spiderman like tall buildings, because he can top off them!what's up danger! Don't be a stranger.

It's our duty, Spiderman ! Thanks, I love u. I will be u one day, I said."
"I've been reading comics for basically my entire life. Superheroes have always played a part in my life, mainly Marvel. And from all the costumed adventurers, my favorite was always Spider-Man. The story of Peter Parker and the clash between his normal, everyday life and his high-flying, crime fighting life was captivating to me. Peter wasn't a billionaire philanthropist or an alien in disguise. He was person, an normal, everyday person with normal, everyday problems. Spider-Man would be my gateway to the Marvel Universe and comics, which would then be my gateway to other art forms. However, the magic of the comic book was always with me. And no film captured that magic better than ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" It had a gorgeous art style reminiscent of comics, it had action, classic characters, and heart. It made me laugh, cry, have at least twelve nerd-based freak outs. But those are not the reasons I love this movie. Well, I do love the movie for all those reasons, but it's not the main reason. To me, this movie isn't just a love letter to the history of Spider-Man, but to all of Marvel and comics in general. It shows us that anyone can be a hero. That anyone is capable of good. That it will always triumph over evil. It's shows how universal and inspiring these characters are. It's the perfect showcase of why we love comics. And what could be more perfect than that?"
This is one of the most beautiful movies I've seen. The visuals are enchanting with the bright colours and detailed animations that looked smooth and realistic. The plot really hits and I know child me would've loved the message of anybody being super and not gonna lie adult me felt empowered too. In both the mcu and real life the main characters are wealthy geniuses so having a confused preteen who's just trying to find his way in life as a superhero is refreshing. The characters are expressive and diverse without feeling like caricatures. Honestly when I heard another spider man movie was coming out I was a bit scared that they'd fudge it up and set back minority protagonists but man was I not disappointed. This is an amazingly thought out movie that is everything diversity in Hollywood should be. I can't wait to see where they take miles morales.
"Was a perfect movie, thats why won the oscar!!

Spider-man is one of the best super heroes in all the Marvel Cinematic Universe"
"Top notch art direction, soundtrack and story. You're in for a ride."
"For years we've known Spider-man to be Peter Parker, but this movie gives those who aren't comic book readers an insight into the Spider-Verse. Having the ability to see other ""Spider people"" will give viewers a better perspective on how it is to have such great power. Spider-Man is my all time favorite superhero. I'm so glad that Miles Morales was introduced because I've wanted to be him since his debut back in 2008. If you haven't seen this movie, I suggest you do. This will make you feel that you are capable of almost anything and that sometimes you have to take a leap of faith!"
"As said, I've seen a lot of animated feauture films in my lifetime but man, this is such a rollercoaster ride! Spectacular detail, bright colors, terrific voice-casting and pace.

When 's the sequel? Can't wait!!1!"
"Im very impress when the trailer has been lauch, it so amazing! Thanks alot to Columbia Pictures when you make Spiderman flims more greater, Love this film so much!"
"Whoever made this movie, WELL DONE! What an enjoyable experience. I've always been a spiderman fan, and this movie made my son a huge fan"
"The breathtaking movie Spiderman into the Spider-verse shares the idea that you can do anything, all it takes is a leap of faith. The fascinating split screen animations add a fun twist to the action packed movie. Miles Morales shows us how anyone can wear the mask and take on the responsibility of Spiderman, all you need is confidence, and, well, a near death experience. As Peter Parker says, ""Everyone knows that the best way to learn is under intense life threatening crisis."" I immediately fell in love with the animations and creative plot. Spiderman into the Spider-verse takes you through the spectacular journey of Miles overcoming the struggles of being a regular teen, while also juggling the responsibility of saving everyone's lives alongside the other Spidermans from parallel dimensions.The main character, Miles Morales, just transferred to a private school. He hates going there but he knows that his parents won't let him go back to public school. After school, he goes to his uncle's house. According to his dad, his uncle isn't the best influence for Miles but the two of them get along with each other really well. Miles has a special connection with his uncle that he doesn't have with his dad. Late at night, Miles's uncle takes him to a secret location where they do graffiti to take his mind off of the stress of school. While they were admiring their work, Miles was bitten by a radioactive spider. He thought nothing of this until the next day, when suddenly, he kept sticking to things. He tried to convince himself that it was a normal spider, and that he was a normal kid. He didn't understand what was happening. It wasn't until he remembered a comic book that he read about Peter Parker. He realized that he was going through all of the same things that Peter was going through. Once he got bitten, you begin to see his thoughts in comic like bubbles. You get to see how Miles is reacting to every situation which takes the movie to a whole new level. The phenomenal animations were given dimension lines to exaggerate each character's facial expressions. It puts a fun twist to every other Marvel movie, in my opinion, it's what makes it better. Saving the lives of citizens is a huge responsibility which have fallen in the hands of Miles. He asks his mentor, Peter Parker for advice, ""How am I supposed to save the whole world?"" says Miles. ""Well you can't think about saving the world, you have to think about saving one person. One thing I know for sure, don't do it like me. Do it like you."" says Peter. This teaches people that you can only be your best if you're being you, this is one of the most important messages in the movie. The thing is, Miles can't figure out how to work his powers, or what his powers even are. There's a lot of pressure being put on him. He's trying his best to figure out how to use his powers but nothing's working. Everyone's coming to the conclusion that he'll never be able to learn how to use his powers, even him. He started to stop believing in himself but deep down he was determined to save the lives of citizens, and help his friends. We've all been put in this situation at some point. Mile's shows us that you have to keep fighting. After everyone lost hope, Miles started to realize that he can use his powers whenever he really needed them, for instance, when Miles got into an argument with his dad, he had become fully invisible. Over time, he learned how to control all of his powers. This didn't come easy, he had to have a lot of confidence and persistence. After all, as Peter Parker says, ""In the end, that's all it takes. A leap of faith."" This doesn't only apply to Spiderman, it applies to everything in life. It doesn't only show Miles story but it inspires many others to make on for themselves. Although being Superman is incredibly difficult, keeping up with school can be very challenging. Miles is going through a lot at the moment, this meaning finding who is he is and trying to keep his grades up. He excels in all subjects at school but has a lot of self doubt. It wasn't until a teacher told him ""You're trying to quit, and I'm not going to let you,"" that he began to realize that he can handle the pressure. At the same time, it's revealed that Miles has a crush on Gwen, he can't tell if the feelings are mutual though. It's interesting to see how Miles and Gwen work with each other. I think that showing a more vulnerable side of him makes the movie more relatable. Kids and adults can understand why it's so hard for him. It almost feels like you're being put in his shoes.The humorous, yet action filled movie takes you through a rollercoaster of emotions. You begin to create an unbreakable bond with Miles instantly. Overall, the movie captures every part of being a kid and Spiderman. It's no surprise that everyone falls in love with it. I've always hated Marvel movies but this movie gave me a whole new perspective to action. Spiderman into the spider-verse helped me discover my love for Marvel."
The best animated film I watched so far! It's a masterpiece!
"You know that feeling you sometimes get walking out of the movie theater, where you're imagination is still inside another world and you're only half way back to reality? Movies like Inception, Gravity, Avatar, these groundbreaking movies that totally transport you and don't let go until the credits roll to black.

Spider-Verse gives you that feeling, and it's one of those movies.

The work put into this movie is stunning. The details are incredible. Picture, sound, story, laughs, emotions. Pixar has made some incredible movies of course; Wall-E comes to mind as not just a great animated movie, but a great movie. But nothing in my life time has left me with the same feeling as Spider-Verse. It's perfect. I remember seeing Inception for the first time and wishing I could go back in time and watch for the first time again. I'll remember those 2 hours forever. Spider-Verse is no different.

Don't miss this movie."
"A visual and audio masterpiece, every single scene is a piece of literal artwork and the soundtrack rivals anything you can find in my opinion. It's a nice story with a lot of heart and humor, 2 very enjoyable hours for sure."
"Man that was awesome. The concept, the soundtrack, everything."
This is one of the best Spider-man movie i really recommend go to the ipic theater or AMC
"I love this movie so much. The characters, the story, the animation, are all great on their own. But then it is all mixed together to form something near perfect."
I never knew how much I needed superhero movies to be animated before watching. Such a refreshing take on superhero movies and animation that never ceases to entertain.
More of Spiderman's feeling shared on this movie and more feeling inducted to a fellow Spidermans and the audience. This are a quite good Spiderman cartoon that worth to be one of you collections.
"I really loved and enjoyed watching this movie. Loved the songs, they fit perfectly with the movie. Hope to see more incredible movies like this."
The Movie was great. I especially love the songs used and the animation was unique and amazing. Hope they make more movies like this.
"This film is excellent! The animation is so comic book style, it looks gorgeous. Voice cast gave a major feel to this film which makes me really happy! The plot has been written in flow, it does not lack in action, drama and even comedy. The emotions hit hard in the movie and you feel it. Shamiek Moore as Miles Morales was excellent castingThe only thing flawed about this movie is Kingpin who is great villain but a little forgettable but still this movie is a 10/10 for me."
I was Impressed so much by the animation style that they presented. Wow.
Everything about this movie is amazing. It brings me back to my child hood and reminded me why I love this spider man and makes me want to play him in the mcu even more. ;)
"This is by far the best Spiderman movie ever made, and is one of the best animated films ever made. Almost any problem I have with this film is a nitpick, but everything about this movie is just amazing. If you haven't watched this movie, watch it. If you have, watch it again."
"H2 2017 animation sucked, but 2018 turned the tables. And all released in 2018 are good. And this is the best from that year."
"What should I say. This is one of my favourite movies and in my opinion the best animated movie of all time. The character arc is great, the story is great and I love the soundtrack. This movie is also really fun, is able to keep my attention and I can relate to the main character. He struggles with common struggles many people can relate to and at the end he is able to cope with it. The animation is great, the artstyle is the best I've seen in any animated movie and the costume and character design is just great. This is the best Spider-Man movie ever."
"This movie is a total blast, has the best-looking 3D animation I've seen and some fresh tunes. The characters are really likable and well designed. I really adore the visuals."
Great Spider-Man movie so far! Well deserved the rewards it received
"OK first this is for kids for people who hated it if you are an adult so if you like it rate like you like it but if you hated it you really shouldn't rate

Second what is wrong with it

Third the cast is amazing"
"Unlike the realistic dark knight movies, this movie is the pinnacle of what a comic book movie is. It literally is a comic book with frame rates. Characters are interesting and diverse. The story is engaging and emotional. This movie with its aesthetic will never age or look outdated and I'm happy about that because adults and children will be able to enjoy this for many years."
"If one day you want to see an entertaining movie, with a good story, humor, and a bit of drama, this is the right movie. Spider-Man has had good movies with iconic actors, but this is definitely the best: it has an incredible cast, an interesting double and let's not talk about the soundtracks, after watching the movie you won't be able to get out of your mind the ton of the song Sunflower - Post Malone, Swae Lee, walk with that song and you will feel that you are Spiderman. Like all Stan Lee creations, this one cannot be excluded from being brilliant. Unfortunately, this movie is a dedication to this great comic writer since he passed away before the premiere.

But now let's talk about the reason the movie won an Oscar: the most riveting animation a Sony movie has ever had. It is as if you were reading a comic that runs alone, it is impressive the level of detail that each of the characters has, the setting, the locations and the comic expressions. It is as if you can see the leaves on your screen. And do you know the best part of this? It was made by a group of animators graduated from Tec de Monterrey in Mexico, it is a Mexican job! All the credit was taken by the producers of the film, but in reality those who do the magic of representing a whole story in drawings to later become the film are the animators, they make it possible for Miles Morales to have life. Let's continue the work of this group of animators is spectacular!!"
"This movie is incredible from many aspect. The art style gives the best movie representation of comic book adaption. The story is fluent without any redundant shot. Character arc is fantastic. Even if you don't know the majority of the character, you feel their feels. I would highly recommend this movie to any comic book fan or superhero movie fan. As for today, it is among my top 5 favorite superhero movies."
"One of the best Spider-Man adaptations animated or otherwise. Such a unique and original experience. The art styles and animation are so great and create a mesmerizing effect along with the sound tracks. And the script is very cohesive and sorted out, truly shows the true spirit of spider-man and how Stan intended him to be seen as. 😃"
Thank to all people who made this animation and a great thank to Stan Lee and Steve Ditko
"This film is amazing, I really like the way it combines different animation techniques."
It was about time we moved on from the same story of Peter Parker and remaking the Spiderman movies over and over again . This brings In a whole new chapter and a fresh start of a new character miles ! Who rocks a new suit and rocks new powers ! It's a must see and it's been done in such a new way !
"Amazing! I could watch this movie over and over and over and my comment in the title would still stand. Marvel and Sony have knocked it out of the park with this brilliant comic cinematic portrayal of Spider-Man, The Amazing Spiderman, Spider-Woman, Spiderman Noir, SP//dr, and last but not least Spider-Ham. Thank you Stan Lee for having shared your wonderful imagination with us all, may you R.I.P."
"In recent years superhero movies have dominated theaters to the point of not believing in the possibility of watching something new about this cinematic genre. Well, amazingly Spider Man Into The Spider-verse has proven that there is still the possibility of innovation not only on the scripts, but within the overall context of the animations. It's amazing to see how well things work in this movie. The characters are very well developed, the soundtrack is accurate, the adaptation of the story is well made and the direction is very careful. The rhyme of the film is also something praiseworthy, everything happens in due course without hurry in the plot and although the film has almost 2 hours we keep so entertained that we did not even feel the time pass.

This besides being a smart animation is innovative and very well done."
It was a wonderful movie that you in joy watching many times. And the story has some influence in the real life about how you can achieve what you desire.
I watch a decent amount of movies. Figured I'd give this one a try. Did not disappoint but instead completely blew my mind. Such a good take on spiderman. Well written and brought to you in a style I havent ever seen. Paired the music very well with the scenes. Just overall a great movie. Very rarely do I leave reviews but this may be the best movie Ive seen so far in 2019.
Being a big fan of my childhood superhero spider-man I would like to thank the team for doing justice to such an awesome character.
One of - if not the Best superhero movie to date! A must watch!
"""Spider Man:Into The Spider-Verse"" is an amazing, visually stunning, eye popping, color filled, unique and hilarious wild ride. Both movie-goers and die-hard fans of Marvel or Spider Man will most likely love this movie. My age recommendation would be: 8 years old or older This is one of the best, if not, the best animated movie I've ever seen and I definitely highly recommend it!!"
"Into the Spider-Verse is an incredible film. From the very beginning, the animation and art direction is top notch. Spiderverse has a very unique style that I anticipate will ""inspire"" many animation studios in the future (aka, the art style will be stolen). From a writing standpoint, this film is not only hilarious, but brings with it very meaningful messages that hit home in ways many films do not. While some movies feel forced jumping between the comic and the serious, Spiderverse does so as naturally as a veteran web slinger flies through New York.

The humor in spiderverse picks up about halfway through the movie with the introduction of the other spider-men (and women). I never thought that Nicolas Cage would be a perfect cast in a movie, but him as Noir is masterful. His performance is filled with one liners, none of which fall flat. Spider-Ham, voiced by the incredible John Mulaney, is a childish yet funny cartoon spider-man. While at first he seems a bit out of place, the character eventually fits right into the tone of the movie. Peter B. Parker also bring a flurry of hilarious and well written jokes that lighten the tone of most scenes. While the introduction of the different characters may seem like it would break Spider-verse's carefully constructed theme, it only helps to strengthen the writing and nuances of the movie.

Overall, Spider-Verse is not only incredibly animated, but masterfully written. I would recommend this film to everyone and anyone. You don't have to like super heroes to enjoy Spider-Verse, but I would say it helps."
"Great effort, till interval I was imagining that real movie was way better ...but till end highly touched by emotions provided by cartoon movie....great movie of its time"
"This movie does not leve you without feeling every emotion in the book. the animation is beyond any i've seen before, being comic like and very well produced. it's the best spider-man movie and i've watched each one"
It contains good jokes. There are many characters but the plot never fell into chaos. It shows what teenagers and their parents have to go through.
"I really like how they trick you into thinking Miles is already Spider-Man in this universe with this trailer. They even had Jake Johnson dub some of Chris Pine's Spider-Man's line just for the trailer. So going into the movie, you still don't entirely know what's going to happen. 10/10."
"Spiderman has always been my favorite superhero of all time and possibly character as well in general. Everything the character and the mask represents is a full blend of moral code and self improvement. This film showed this at its best. The fact of never giving up, taking your responsibilities and face them no matter how afraid of them you might be, and of course, knowing that if you got by any chance the opportunity of making some good in this world, it's your duty to make that possible.

The animation is of course one of the main aspects in this movie. Already told by everyone has it been told, but it's really astonishing how they managed to make this into some sort of animated comic book. The action works perfectly with this animation style and it's even better fit here due to the fact that we're talking about Spiderman.

What takes me to my next point: Character design. I know that characters had a considerable change from its counterpart in comic books. At the beginning I wasn't convinced with this cause I always like everything to be as similar as possible to its original source, but then I remembered that we were in Miles universe and not the main one. With this said, now I really got to like the interesting changes in the villains and amazingly keeping their natural essence yet.

Another pilar of this movie. If you listened to Daniel Pemberton's track durong the sequence when Miles is taught to swing, without knowing it is from this movie, you can tell by the melody that we're listening to something from Spiderman. The melody really fits as something from that universe.

And what to say about the songs they selected for this movie. They've become iconic of this movie.

For me the best Spiderman movie up to date there's out there"
"Best part of the film is the imagination, i always rate movies on behalf of their imaginative powers. wonderful film."
"Went in with average expectations and was truly blown away by how good this movie was. There were no filler scenes, everything flowed and made perfect sense with exceptional pacing. Saw it in 3D, but the art was magnificent and am looking forward to more works such as this.

Everyone should see this film!"
"I feared this movie is going to be like the emoji movie, but I was wrong. One of the best Sony films ever. The animation is not good but INSANE. I loved the humor and the charecters. I loved the story and how it explained each spider peoples backstory and how Miles Morales tries to learn how to use his powers. 1000/10 rating."
"This film cannot be praised highly enough, everything is flawless, art style, animation, storytelling, comedy and action are all on point throughout the entire film, and that alone makes it worthy of the hype that has been heaped upon it, but the thing that really surprised me watching Spiderverse was the way the film handles the quiet, more nuanced moments in the story, this film has so much heart, it should not be possible for a movie that includes a cartoon Pig wearing a super hero costume to be as touching and deep as it is, from the way it handles the relationship between Miles and his Father/Uncle, to the friendship that feels so genuine between him and Peter Parker, this film really hits every note perfectly, and still produces those moments of levity on repeat watches.

I watched this with my 5 year old Daughter, who rarely has the attention span to pull herself away from her LOL dolls for more than a 15 minute episode of PJ masks, and she didn't move an inch throughout the entire film, she was captivated by it, and now she is obsessed with Spiderman.

WATCH THIS FILM. It's not only the best animated comic book movie ever, it's the best comic book movie ever, Period."
"The music, artwork, and plot all complimented each other in a way I can't describe. It's one of the best movies I've seen. I liked the style and everything about it!"
Caught a sneak preview. Amazing. Winning the Oscar for animated film for sure
"I held off on this one for awhile telling myself it would be a disappointment. The only disappointment was not seeing it sooner, now I can't wait to buy the DVD.

I never heard of the storyline and thought that it was all made up just to pull us all in. Took my young son and it was a trip the entire movie! Excellent story, visually spectacular... again great eye candy. Artists and writers nailed it. It made me research the characters and it was very interesting to learn more about his story and the different universes... trippy in a delightful way. Happy they made this one."
"I have to rate this because is too good. The flow, style, story telling, pace, texture, finish, color, animation, screenplay is like watching a live comic book.

Everything fascinating.

Please do yourself a favor to watch and support this."
"Everyhing about this movie made my heart soar. it felt like it was created with love, a passion project."
"The idea is a cheap way to introduce a few of the Spidey iterations to the masses which on face is a recipe for disaster. However They not only pulled it off they've delivered one of the most entertaining movies in years! Spider-man has always been the greatest superhero but that has always been Peter Parker but Spider-Man is an idea to strive to and this movie lived up to the Idea of Spidey! Watch it and if you've already watched it, watch it again."
"This is an incredible movie! They nailed it with this one! It's got it all. Action ,comedy, drama. I heard the hype and went into it with high expectations. It definitely went way beyond what I was expecting. Cant say enough great things about how well they did making this movie. Thanks you to all that were involved in the process. Instant Classic!"
"First off, this is a great super hero movie. There are plenty of those around, they're fun, if you like them you like them and this is a good one.

What sets this apart is that it's a stunning visual realization of the comic genre. The use of comic layouts, overlays and dithering is beautiful and like nothing I've seen before."
"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse honestly surprised me - it is without a doubt one of the most beautiful movies ever. You can clearly tell every scene was carefully crafted with absolute love for the art. If you are remotely interested in spider-man/comics, this is a must-watch. Actually, even if you aren't too into comics, still watch it.

Perfection."
"Better than homecoming. I liked the idea of the movie and the story and i hope there will be a part 2 movie,a good thing they killed the perfect blonde spiderman from the begining so we dont get attached to him."
"Just Grab a ticket see this in a theater. I bet you will see the new wonder of animation movie..just great,loved it ..maybe the best spidey movie all along."
"This was an incredible film for me and the family to watch, I loved seeing Stan Lee god bless."
"Love the stylings of this movie, and the story is great :) I went with my cousin and her son. We all loved it! A must watch!"
"I went in knowing nothing and I was blown away. Visually stunning. Great comic book feel. Well written. Funny. Characters you care about. Great action. This movie puts a lot of the MCU to shame. I highly recommend this movie to anyone thinking of going into the movie business. It will teach you about writing, character development, humour, and timing. Watch it. Enjoy."
"This movie encapsulates everything that makes Spider-Man special. Not to mention, the great soundtrack, unique art style, and original humor! THIS. IS. SPIDER-MAN."
There are not enough words to explain why this movie is so bloody good. It's nothing like anything you've seen before. You really need to witness this spectacle to understand what I'm trying to say. You just cannot afford to miss this one. Go. Watch. Now.
A complete entertainer. Good to see Sony Pictures coming up with the best animated movie for 2018. The story of the movie is 10/10 . There is not a single fault with the animation. Every character in the movie adds spark for the story. Definitely worth a watch multiple time.
"It's perfect, it's different but in a good way. It's something that I wasn't expecting for. U must watch it!"
"I thought it might be a little weird because I don't usually watch animated films, but this was amazing. It was super intense and really cool, a little emotional too, basically all you need in a film. Plus, the animation was so damn good that until it showed a person, it looked like a literal recording."
Boyfriend doesn't like 3D movies. Convinced him to see this movie in 3D with me. I'm a good girlfriend.
"Spider Man Into the Spider Verse is one the best movies I've seen. The characters are great, the voice acting is excellent, the comedy is actually funny, and the movie looks beautiful. Outstanding flim and something different and unique. Miles Morales is a relatable character and great for people of color."
The music the animation the story Even massively wide kingpin this all adds up to the best animated and near best superhero film experience I've ever had the pleasure to watch
This movie was so amazing and visually stunning I was nearly knocked off my couch! Every scene is like an explosion of epicness!
"Within minutes of watching this film, you realize you are experiencing something new. We've been inundated with Spider-Man movies over the last years and while they have become successively better, they all still rely upon the same origin cannon. This film, for a small Instant, makes you think it does too but then explodes with originality. It does so in an important way, championing diversity and gleefully enjoying a freedom not felt in any other Spider-Man film. This one knows it has to break free and does so - I mean we have multiple different spider people!

And that's just the story. The graphics are what take the film to Oscar level. The animation is bold and blends styles. You watch the film and feel like you are in a comic book with a POW!! I truly watched this movie with the sense that I had not seen anything like it before."
"There are some movies who do absolutely nothing for you, and leave you bored, uninspired and wishing for a refund. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse i far from that.

It allows itself to be tragic, interesting, self-aware and humorous at the same time. Every single scene was gripping and the nods and little homages to the source text was very satisfying to watch as a comic book fan. There were moments which were absolutely breathtaking (Miles 'rising,' the main fight scene where they revisit the collider and so on) and each moment never deviated from the plot.

Unlike movies like 'Atomic Blonde' and 'Terminal,' this film manages to unite good script writing with an aesthetically pleasing and beautiful style. Each character was fleshed out and the twist (xxx turning out to be a certain henchman) was incredibly effective. It was also very fun to play spot the celebrity.

The only true fault i could possibly find, in any way, was that Miles' suit should have been stiff when he spray painted it, and thats a real nitpick.

I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and found it to be incredibly entertaining, definitely something I could watch again, both for the story and the small details I might have missed."
"This movie itself is incredible. I mean , it have variety of Spider Man around the series itself. Well I'm not fanatic of spider Man , but this is worth watching :)"
"Going into this movie I was intrigued from what I saw in the trailers of how beautifully animated it looked, but i must honestly admit I did not have high expectations for it as I've never been a big fan of any of the spiderman movies prior to spiderman spider verse. I fell more and more in love with this movie every step of the way until my love turned into obsession. This movie is currently ranked #3 of my top favorite movies ever falling beneath the shawshank redemption and the dark knight , imo it really is that good , I have only two complaints which are almost irrelevant and I will not mention and if you knew me personally you would know i think most movies are mediocre or worth a one time watch. But not this one , this one is special In every way and I cant wait to see it again, I will be going back to see it again in theaters hopefully this time in 3D."
"Film of year for me. A combination of superb animation, perfect pace and timing can't be faulted. It barrels along, whilst still allowing all the characters time to develop. The animation is brilliantly observed and the technical detail from artistic style down to individual frame rates is exceptional. Ultimately however, it's just great fun"
A very creative treat. It's better than the comics
"I'm embarrassed to say I like superheroes. It's not ok. I'm a 33 year-old man living with his parents. I just need to join some brony incel forums to complete the cliché. I know #notallnerds are pepe-loving 4chaners, but it doesn't feel that way. Quality be damned, it's not ok to like Star Wars, Rick and Morty, video games, superhero comics, anime, etc. I'm not moaning. I really feel like it's not ok to like these things in the Trump fandom era.

Fandoms seem, in general, for angry, pedantic, sexless ghouls, for nihilistic, alt-right trolls, for ""sjw"" bashing gamergaters too far gone down the fantasy hole. I don't want to be associated with these angry white man-boys (even if I am white and sometimes angry and technically a man). I want to be one of the Good Guys, struggling, stretching, limping towards the Good, Stan Lee's True Believer. I want to be Spider-Man.

Or I did at a younger point in life. I think about Spider-Man nowadays the way one thinks about an old childhood friend. Time has passed. I've grown into a person that can't lean on superheroes the way I used to. But gone is not the love; it need only be remembered.

Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, a bold, flamboyant, joyful, energetic movie helped me remember my old spidey love, my love for superheroes in general. Watching it is a shock to the senses, to my programmed expectations of its lurching live-action cousins. Spider-Verse is fun. The comedy is loose and nimble instead of canned and obligatory. The dialogue is present, expressive, distinctly American, instead of glib, monotone, or manufactured for an overseas translation. The story treatment walks the difficult line of levity and intelligence, never taking itself too seriously, but not afraid to evoke pathos partial to the Spider-Man story.

Spider-Verse practically invents a new animation style using comic book visual keys in a way that finally makes sense. From Dick Tracy to Scott Pilgrim Vs The World, live actions movies have attempted this gimmick with varying (often dubious) success. Spider-Verse, being a cartoon, doesn't have to figure out the tricky visual contract between the real and hyper-real. The comic book aesthetic is baked in from the start with a dotted texture ala Lichtenstein. In a clever sequence, the screen abounds with text boxes and splashy onomatopoeias after Miles Morales gets his spidey powers. But the comic gimmick is just a starting point before sampling street art, anime, Looney Tunes, and psychedelic styles with spectacular wit.

The story is a trippy, multiverse-spanning hopscotch of Spider-Persons converging on the universe of one Miles Morales, a teenage African/Latino American from Brooklyn, and the next Spider-Man. But first, Miles must prove himself under the mentorship of an alternate Peter B. Parker, a thirty-something dad bod who's been around the spider-block a few times. Miles and Peter B. soon team up with Spider-Men and Women from stranger shores of the multiverse, including the original refrigerated girlfriend, Gwen Stacy, and a Looney Tunes-esque pig, Spider-Ham. In case none of this makes sense, the movie gently glides through the basic Spider-Man lore before exploding it.

Encyclopedic Spider-Man nerds will be rewarded but not strictly pandered to. The Spider-Verse is for everyone, a message (and tacit slogan) of the movie. Anyone can wear the mask. Anyone can play the hero in their own story. Having seen Spider-Verse twice now in theaters, it's a touching scene sitting with such a diverse audience, young and old, all different colors, all rooting for Spider-Man, but not a fandom bound by a hierarchy of obsessive, pedantic trolls. Just people sitting together, cheering on their inner hero, feeling the joy of their multiversed possibilities, and the hope that one of them makes sense in reality. To quote Mary Jane Watson, ""Go get 'em, tiger."""
"This has become one of my top 3 movies. The story is incredible. The art style is so unique. This movie makes me laugh, smile, get excited, and cry. Easily the best Spider-Man movie ever made, and one of the best movies ever made in general."
It just was a great movie with awesome music and a really good storyline! Highly recommend this movie for everyone!!
I didn't watch this movie until it was on netflix and that was a mistake; because it's awesome! the humor and likable characters are great but where it really shines is in the animation. my hat is off to the director and animators because i was blown away. im just upset i didn't have a movie like this when i was a kid:
An amazing movie. I've never put a review up on imdb before but I had to for this. Beautifully created and thrilling throughout.
"I've honestly never seen a film like it. Refreshingly original animation design, funny, instantly connected with the characters and couldn't take my eyes of it for the whole film. Just watch it."
It just took me on a ride and struck a real cord with anyone who hasnt been sure of something. Such a beautiful masterpiece. One of my favorite movies of all time.
It was when I saw this movie it was increadible.Marvel's is the best movie it ever.It is a fantastic movie that I have ever seen.
"I watched this amazing movie at the ending of 2018 and wow, did this animation deliver on every possible level. Most of the scenes were incredibly well crafted. The tense scenes were top notched some of them nearly made burst into tears , it definitely beats most drama movies out there. If you do like animations, this is most likely a title that should be taken into account."
It's actually one of the best movies is saw if not the best 💔😭😭😭
This movie's animation has topped any of the animated films I have ever seen.
"I've watched this one a few times and it's still amazing. Its clear that this influenced Spiderman No Way Home. Because of that, I had to come back and finally leave a review."
"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse deviates from your traditional animated superhero movie by which most would compare with the likes of the Increadibles franchise or many straight-to-DVD releases, in the best and most refreshing way possible Utilizing a never before seen style of animation which compliments the movie's tone and action-packed sequences, writers Phil Lord and Rodney Rothman along with Director Peter Ramsey not only bring laughs, tears and eyes widened by stunning visuals but do so in the form of an emotional rollercoaster with perfect tonal balance, a rather ingenious way of character development and a killer soundtrack and score to top it all off. Overall, Miles Morales' cinematic debut as Spider-Man was not what most expected if they did so at all but it delivered to what is possibly one of the best superhero movies we have ever seen or will see for a while."
"Animation was beautiful,great story it did get emotional we're miles lost his uncle but this Spider-Man movie was a succes."
This movie is breathtakingly beautiful...it's art style is something very fresh and at the same time very beautiful...the songs match up perfectly with the movie...it's very funny...it has a very touching origin story...and u also got a lotta friendly neighborhood spidies...go watch this movie NOW !!!!!
I loved the graphics and the music! Production was also fantastic - in true spider-style.
This movie is the literal definition of perfection.
"Had to buy it, it was that good! I guess that isn't it enough it said my review was too short so"
"God, where do I begin? First of all, I loved the cast. Not just with Shameik Moore as Miles Morales (Which was completely flawless), but Jake Johnson as a depressed, middle aged Peter Parker, Mahershala Ali as Aaron Davis, and Nicholas Cage as one of my all time favorite comic reliefs in all animated cinema

With that being said, the cast only made the story much more captivating and entertaining. With Miles starting off as a teenager who's not ready for responsibility yet, to learning his way as the new Spider-Man, I must say, it was one of the most relatable coming-of-age stories I have seen in a while despite the fact that the main premise of the film is of a team of superheroes from across the multiverse. And with Peter B. Parker, it is certainly satisfying to see Miles learn to be a superhero from someone who forgot how to be one.

***SPOILERS AHEAD***

With Miles' father being as strict and stern as he is, we can easily sympathize with Miles as of why he doesn't want to be ready to take on the real world or why he turns to his Uncle Aaron about his social life or just to have a pleasant conversation at that point. And seeing Miles' Father come forth to his school with words of inspiration warmed up my heart during Miles' darkest hour.

One other thing I can come to appreciate is the antagonists of the film, such as Kingpin and Doctor Octopus. But I must give the filmmakers a big plus for letting the lesser known villains have the spotlight such as The Prowler or Tombstone. I enjoy seeing Kingpin's drive to finish the collider, to see his family again that he destroyed. And I must say, I was not expecting to see a female Doc Ock, so when that moment came, I was certainly surprised and satisfied. But the Prowler has to be one of my favorite characters in this movie, from his theme, the twist that he's actually Aaron Davis(A.K.A. Miles' uncle), to his moments before death that inspired Miles' to become Spider-Man and take down Kingpin

Overall, I truly enjoyed this film not just for the following things, but how hard the themes stuck out to me during this time. I'd give it an 11/10, but unfortunately I can't."
"This movie just blew me out of the water. The animation, the storyline, the in depth analysis we get of each character in such a short amount of time, it's unbelievable. That's all I can say. Unbelievable. I will see this many more times in theatres. BEST SUPERHERO MOVIE EVER."
"When I saw The Emoji Movie, it was garbage! In fact, it was so bad that I would rather stab my eyes out! I thought that Sony was just the company saying to other companies,""How do you fellow kids?"" Well I was wrong when I saw Into the Spider-Verse. It was so good that it was the best movie in the Milky Way! I usually have a hard time picking my favourite when I see movies, but I didn't have a hard time picking this as my favourite movie! 1,000,000/10. Definitely recommend seeing this movie."
This movie is so perfect and so well done. I love it !
"With Beautiful graphics, loveable characters, and astonishing soundtrack, this Marvel Animated film left me speechless!"
"Only word for the movie: master piece. A piece of art , which after watching the movie you will appreciate it alot. A thumbs up from me."
"This Spider-Man movie was definitely one of the best animations I've ever watched. Being a Spider-Man movie it deserves 8 or above by default. But I think it was perfect. The reason behind that is it went above and beyond with the music, and the animation, it was fantastic. It's fantastic that the producers had the courage to go ahead and try something new on making the animation. It had humor in it which you don't see alot in a Marvel movie except for Deadpool. Great acting and a fantastic choice of the vocals. Overall totally deserves a perfect score. 10/10"
Seriously one of the most creative movies I've ever seen!
"Easily the most fresh take on Spiderman with even fresher cinematography. The music, animation and characters are so in sync that you'll forgive Sony for green lighting TAS 2"
"This movie is the most visually impressive movie I have ever seen, and it is no doubt the best Spider-Man movie. The movie clearly understands the character of Spider-Man. I very much like how they made Miles Morales not just a black Peter Parker. He has a love of art, and he initially doesn't want to be Spider-Man. The movie has a very good sense of humor. I found myself cracking up more times than once. I honestly have no idea how one guy thinks that the animation is bad. It is incredible, the fact that Miles was animated with 16 fps before his leap of faith, where he was animated by 24 fps. The movie's central moral is, anyone can be a hero. You don't need superpowers to save people. In the wise words of Stan Lee, ''That person who helps other simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero.'' I just have nothing else to say. It's just flawless."
A must watch for all the spider Man fans and people who love animater movies.
"When I watched the Emoji Movie, I was extremely disappointed with Sony Pictures Animation, so when I heard about this movie, I was ecstatic about it. And when I finally watched it, I was not let down one bit. The characters are really likable and funny. Definitely one of my favorite movies of the last decade."
Miles morales is the best Spider-Man ever idc idc he is this the best Spider-Man movie to ever come out idc the plot the characters the whole movie is spectacular I never got bored watch this movie!!!!!!
"This movie was amazing. Literally my top movie so far. I have watched it over 20 times since it came out before it is good every time I watch it and the work put into it is brilliant. It had a very strong message and it inspired me to do a lot of things, to face my fears too. Miles Morales has always been my favourite character and when he first appear in the comics, i always wanted to play him since. His first screen appearance was in ultimate Spiderman and i really enjoyed that, i was shocked at first but over time i grew to love miles Morales even more. I am so glad they didn't mess up the character. The animation was comic book style and the fps was just set perfectly. I find it had to believe that people would try find something wrong in this movie because there isn't. Even i thought about looking for some negatives in the movie but it was just such a perfectly made movie."
"My first review, and I have to say that this is one of the most exciting movies I have watched in a long time, in terms of animated movies. Although it does not follow the comic to a ""T,"" it does well in its portrayal of its characters from its comic book counterparts. The voiceovers were perfect, the characters, as well as the story were very well done. The flow of the movie kept my attention, and the ending scene gave me a great laugh. I cannot wait for the next part of this film."
"Into The Spiderverse is visually stunning, introduces a dynamic and brilliantly written cast of characters, and grabs your attention with a cohesive and gripping narrative that isn't burdened by a forced romantic subplot (As many superhero movies are). I walked into the theatre with sky-high expectations and I was still blown away by the beauty and energy of this movie. I'd reccomend it to anyone who loves animation, spider-man, marvel, humor, a good time, or any combination of the above. It's the kind of movie you don't mind paying to go see three or four more times."
"Pituitary overload, pop art sugar rush, bugeyed & reeling amazed at the sheer level of originality barrelling at you at the speed of light. Animation reaching for it´s potential and massaging your brain till your spine tingles. Needs to be experienced."
"One of the best animated movies ever. The visuals are stunning, amazing, and unique that adds some charm to the film. Nice soundtracks that will stay in your head for some time, funny and creative humour, but probably the best that I can say about this is the plot structure.... Maybe, after you watch the first time some plot twists may be hardly understandable, but when you start analysing the script you see that every event causes something in the (chronological) future (some kind of a buterfly effect), and when you start seeing scenes that repeat, and flip and send us to the events that happened in the begining of the story it makes us love it. The second amazing thing about the script is that every more or less important character gets some development during the movie and that shows us the idea how our relatives and friends can change our future and our personality in a good way (Still there is a tiny mistake, that judging by the character evolution we can easily find out that some ""spider-men"" were added just for number) And the last thing about the plot is that non-linear chronology and flasbacks (btw the graphics in the flashback scenes are even more insane) keeps an intrigue till the very end. Finally to conclude the script things and to understand the whole beauty of this film I can offer you to put all the events in chronological order and then try to describe what was intentions of the characters, how did they change and finally what emotional context every of them has.And if you don't want to go deep, it's still perfect movie to enjoy the graphics, effects, jokes, music and many other nice things."
"Outside of the Disney/Pixar universe, I don't typically watch animated films. I guess Marvel is Disney now anyway... right? Anyway, this film is phenomenal and I absolutely loved it. Great story, great soundtrack, great cast of voices and visually beautiful."
Awesome movie to see any time. Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbnmmmm
"When I hear about the movie I wanted to watched it, when I watch the movie I liked it so much, the effects are amazing, the story, the characters, I love it!

I recommened you the movie to watch with your family, it has a nice story, and also the dimensions did that i liked more te movie!

Being honestly this is the best movie that I have ever saw!"
"Very well maid, great style, great color palate, great use of animation and music, I really enjoyed watching it."
This IS one of the best animated movies i have ever seen!!
"This is by far the best Spider-Man movie ever made! I couldn't blink, I couldn't get away from the screen not even to reach out for my popcorn! A definitely must see for all spider fans!"
"Spider pig, spider pig, Por favor mais animações como essa."
What can I say. Everything is perfect. From the animation to the dialogue and even the voice actors were perfect.
"Great story, great animation, great music, simply awesome. Dont miss it."
"Hands down best Spiderman movie/cartoon/series I have seen. The director's vision it's amazing. The spiderverse has been approached in the past, but the acting, the style of drawing addopted, the perfect blend of drama and humor ... nothing wrong. Conmpletley recommend"
"I admit I wasn't too interested in yet another Spiderman movie, I wasn't even the biggest fan of Spiderman. Well, the movie cought me by surprise because it is pretty damn good. It was visually awesome, had character development, interesting twists, humor on the right spots and was constantly picking up speed. Boy what a fun ride it was.

It might be because I was so pleasantly surprised that this might be my first 10* rating ever.

Absolutely give this a try, even if you aren't that much of a spidy fan"
"Just an uninteresting leader: my movie experience insnt what it used to be. Maybe some of you recognise it. But with two litte children i have to cut my movies up into at least 3 parts. With SMITSV i just watched my second part. With this said and aditional that i never wrote any review watsoever. I tells you readers that i liked it a lot till now and i have no doubd that it has an smashing end. This Spider-Man movie blasts of your screen with great color and effects. It just looks amazing. Then the story is great. It takes you trough family love, teenage trouble, it has great humor and even has a serious touch. The script has a great alternative look and is briljant. Go and see...!"
This movie is incredible. Inventive and surprising and attention dominating. If films have pheromones this one would be in its visual graphics. It is so pleasing and spectacular to the eyes. I fell in love with this movie very quickly and thoroughly enjoyed our love story.
Nothing gets better than this movie. Not sure exactly what's to not like except a few flaws from a already flawed scientific concept of alternate dimensions colliding. You can't go wrong with this movie!
Understands completely the character and what it means to the fans. Stunning animation and relatable characters but most importantly it has a heart. Maybe the best Spider-Man movie.
"For me the graphics and animations were amazing.

Story was intense and jokes were funny. Soundtracks were on place, matched with the content. That was the first spiderman film what i saw, but will start from the 1, now :)"
"I am not a big fan of superheros or comics or marvel or any of that stuff. This was honestly the best animated film I've seen in my whole life. The art style was amazing and verasatile and the coloring was so beautiful. The voice actors were so great and the plot was full of drama, laughter, love, and family!!! I loved every dynamic of this movie. The soundtrack was out of this world!!! I went and saw it a second time after it came back in theaters post-Oscar win!!!"
Best Spiderman movie I've seen so far. i like this movie...
"The story is great, bringing humor and sadness at the same time. It also has a fun group of characters."
"His name is Peter Parker. I'm pretty sure you know the rest. He saved the city, fell in love, then he saved the city again, and again, and again. Look, he's a comic book, a cereal, he did a Christmas album, and a so-so popsicle. But this isn't about him, not anymore.

I cannot recommend Into the Spider-Verse enough, it has quickly become my #1 film in 2018 (possibly one of my favourite films of all time) which I did not think was possible since I never thought anything could surpass Wes Anderson's Isle of Dogs, which I also highly suggest checking out, but the film-making duo and lovers, Phil Lord and Chris Miller along with directors Peter Ramsey, Rodney Rothman and Bob Persichetti and a talented crew proved that I am indeed a soy boy virgin and created the most fun, entertaining and memorable movie this decade with a unique and stunning art style, groundbreaking animation as well as relatable great characters.

The animation is easily the best aspect of this film, surprisingly the studio behind the Emoji Movie gave us this gift none us deserved. Into the Spider-Verse combines many different art styles (e.g. Spider-Ham's cartoon rubberhose aesthetic, Peni Parker's anime aesthetic, etc.) as well as creative animation which creates the closest experience to a living comic book audiences have ever had. Characters look exactly like they have been pulled out of a comic and the use of text boxes in addition to other features in comics enhances this experience. The style perfectly fits the character of Spider-Man and the action scenes become the greatest scenes in the movie.

The writing is also of a very high standard, it provides a funny as well as serious tone which perfectly suits Spider-Man as well as the film, characters receive many great lines and have engaging dynamics which make them more three dimensional and easier to connect with. All the Spider-Men have unique personalities and quirks which separate them from each other, but it's not just them that are interesting because so are the other characters such as Kingpin and Aunt May. Personally, I wish characters like Noir, Kingpin and a few others had some more screen time and development since I enjoyed them so much but naturally and understandably that couldn't happen since the movie would be far too long and the more critical characters like Miles and Peter required greater attention. (Gwen is still the best character in the film tho)

The story whilst enjoyable with great execution is quite generic but still good nonetheless. I was initially quite surprised about how dark the movie was willing to go, whilst deaths like RIPeter (Blonde Peter. RIPeter was a nickname used by the film artists, thanks Spider-Verse artbook :) ) and Aaron were obvious, the realism was what shocked me, it doesn't go insanely dark, no blood, but still darker than most family friendly films go. The characters and animation is what you will be really coming for."
For the into of the movie I knew it was special; different. Original..
It's the best movie of Spiderman series. Oh!!what a combination.I mean u can't find 6 spider man together anywhere except this movie.I think it will be one of my best seen animated movie.....
"The writing is so smart and the animation is the best I have ever seen, this is a must film for everyone even if you don't know who is spiderman."
Please watch it wont waste your time its a brilliant encapturating film will developed funny charecters in. Recommendavle for any ages.
"I love this movie. The animation is some of the best I've ever seen. It's got the comic-feel and it shows how much time they spent on making this movie. The story itself is both a really good orgin-story and a spider-man story. I really love Miles Morales in the comics, and I think his character is even better here. All the other characters are amazing as well. The humour is based on slap-stick and funny oneliners (classic spider-man!). I can tell that this is a movie I'll probably have in my top 10 forever."
"I normaly don't do a rating. But this is the best thing i have seen in a long time. Great story line and the most amazing animation i have ever seen. Recommend it to everyone,don't watch it if your on LSD or crack lol."
"It's beautifully written, directed, acted, and animated. The music is amazing and really sets the tone of the film. It really takes what you love about comic books and makes it a movie. The details and design decisions are so amazingly good. The movie is self aware and plays with the well known tropes of superhero movies, it makes this movie a fresh breath in this genre that has seen a drought in original and groundbreaking content. But this movie proves that its not for lack of material. It's quite the opposite. Here we see tasteful and honest diversity in characters with personalities. They're not just hollow stereotypes who save the day and win the girl. This has actual stakes and growth. And when we see Miles at the end listening to the same song as the movie started with, we can really feel the journey he's been on. The focus was on Miles and his journey. We don't get distracted with characters who would have made the story very busy if they had more screen time. In summary; this movie is a well written family friendly, beautiful story about the different struggles in life. It's relateble and also way out there. The visuals are amazing and it's an overall wonderful experience from start to finish."
"There are like 10 diferent styles of animation. I like how they make a Hard Story to understand to be a easy, fun history. My favorite of all 2018."
"What a breath of fresh air this was. Had no expectations and was amazed. Clever, funny, beautiful and moving. More please Sony"
This is honestly my favourite animated movie ever by a long shot and it well deserved that it won Best Animated Feature
"This is honestly my favourite animated movie by a long shot, it deserves the best of things and I'm very happy it won Best Animated Feature"
"I loved spiderman since I was a very small child. I watched all of the old tv shows, I kept up with the movies. And this re-imagined movie, not just remade, lives up to the spiderman legacy. A must watch on my list."
This was amazing seeing another race of a very big charter was great
It's like god came to my door and gave me this movie its beautiful the animation is so amazing.
Best spirderman movie ever. It has everything thay should be in a spiderman movie. Personally i didnt get bored during the movie even ME.
Most visually stunning film I've seen! Oscar well deserved!
"The film pushes the boundaries of what animation films look like. It als manages to blend various styles of animation in one coherent whole. The textures, character design and world building in this movie are all lessons for future generations. Such a unique treatment for a classic underdog story makes it one of the best animation movies out there."
"I was a little skeptical cause when you see spider pig in the promo you thought it was going to be a joke.... It's a cinematic masterpiece the cast crew animation was phenomenal!

Marvels Stan Lee would love it."
"1:57h of action, impressive animations and funny actions. I wished there would have been more details about the characters but Great Movie!

------- 10/10 --------"
"Excellent movie cartoon ,everything it's so fascinating"
"This is a great MOVIE period, not just a great COMIC BOOK MOVIE. You could have never picked up a comic book and still loved his film. The animation style is unbelievably refreshing and exhilarating. The emotional depth hits home for everyone, especially lovers of Spider-Man. The voice casting is flawless, it's easy to forget you are watching drawn characters and not real humans. There is not a single person I would not recommend this film to. If you haven't already seen this WHAT ARE YOU DOING? This really looks and feels like a comic book in motion. It's exciting from beginning to end, and I never wanted it to end.

I think the best part of this film (if I had to pick just one), is that the stakes FEEL real. Let's be honest, this is a nonsensical story about inter-dimensional travel and superheroes, but by the climax, I am worried for the characters' well-being, and never once stop to think ""oh that could never happen!""

I can't find a single flaw with this film. I'm sure Stan Lee would be Incredibly proud of how his greatest creation came to life in this iteration of Spider-Man. This animation had more life in it than any live-action superhero film to date. Please watch this immediately. It's a game-changer in the best way possible."
The story line could have been better it seemed a bit streched somewhere in the between but 9 on 10 on music & an absolute 10 for animation... Mehnat boss!
Sony un año antes nos trajo the Emoji movie que este sería el emoji original de la película 💩 pero en 2018 Sony nos trae esta épica película de Spider man que es de mis películas favoritas y tiene una gran historia como para competir con películas familiares/aptas para todo el mundo como Klaus o Soul sumandole que Spider man es uno de mis héroes favoritos esta película de gana mi 10 y con un Oscar nimodo que el Oscar se lo den a la basura de Wifi ralph o los Increíbles 2 neta esta película ganó el Oscar bien merecido y no tenía competencia 👌🤗
"Credit to writing, the voice talent and FINALLY we have a true comic book movie. Love the real actors in the MCU, but this is an overdose for comic art appreacitors, movie lovers, and Spidey fans (of whom I am usually not)."
"Unaccustomed as I am to writing 10 star reviews.. quite simply: the best animation I have ever seen. The best realisation of Spider-Man I have ever seen (and I love Tom Holland), and the best storyline and script I have seen in the Marvel universe. When I wasn't thrilled, laughing, or crying I was marvelling at how much fun I was having. Bravo to all involved, I am still buzzing, hours later, aged 42. Luckily my 9 year old daughter still agrees with me, and it's her opinion that always matters."
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse will probably be my favorite movie for a long time to come.
I enjoyed the movie it had nice storyline as well great callbacks to the comics. But I'm disappointed they didn't stick to the original origins of Miles Morales and the younger Spider-man that died that later Miles replaces.
That is all that really needs to be said. One of the best movies I've ever seen animated or not.
I made an account specifically to say how good I thought this film was. Why it wasn't nominated for film of the year I'll never know. Loved every second of it.
"I might be a Marvel fanboy but I promise this review would be the sincerest one from a movie enthusiast.

Let me start from the story! Which keeps you glued right from the start till the post credit scene, the movie makers have done a darn good job with so many characters on hand they could have very easily messed it up but they managed to make a gem of a movie.

It's very much like a perfect Pizza with multiple layers and just the right amount of toppings to cater towards all kinds of fans/audiences. The movie at many times will give you goosebumps for sure, it has all the right ingredients required for a good recipe. You can feel the emotion, pain, strength, sorrow and much more within all the character arcs.

It has to be the best animated marvel movie and second best Spider-Man movie hands down. At the end I would just say we need more movies like this and this kind of character build up, I would never get bored if I watch this movie everyday."
This movie comes together perfectly. Love this move
It's just amazing I was so emotional and motivated by this movie I love do way marvel doing it so good I can't find any bad thing to say about it love it
"I went with my family to see it, it was 1000000% worthy, it's just a visual and sensorial experience."
"In one word ... EPIC



Film is the best animation i've seen since I saw Ghost in the Shell when I was a kid"
"Perfect combination, play, visual, sound also the theme"
"What a great movie! Great action, cool story, awesome characters and lots of funny jokes as a Spider-Man movie should have! I was engaged from beginning till the end."
The graphics is highly defined and very interesting to watch. I really enjoyed watching and will watch over and over again. Perfect soundtracks/music. Awesome. S.A.E!
"Page to screen could not have been better. The art is next level. The story was fantastic, voice acting was stellar, and it was fun from begining to end."
Just finished watching this with my young son. We both had a blast. I've been meaning to watch this for a while and we came across it by accident on our cable network at home. What was meant to be just wasting a few minutes before bed time became a great father son moment watching a fantastic well made film. This is a must for any spidey fan.
"Wow. Such a beautiful film. Great script, cast, animation, art, music, movement, everything is fantastic in this movie. I've watched it about four times and can't get enough of it. I need a sequel NOW!"
This movie was incredible. I would say the best spiderman I have seen. No SJW garbage but they incorporated some different aspects in a unique way that made it original. Computer graphics were a new level.
"I thought that this movie would be like a regular ok family movie, if you only knew how much this movie beated my expectations, I don't think any movie at all has beaten my expectations this good. The story line was great, the animation was phenomenal, and how the movie sums up is just perfect :D"
"A great Film, amazing animation, which is completey different to other style of cartoons."
I love the animation on this movie. very lively with the CGs
This movie is great and fun to watch plenty of laughs really recomend it to all ages
"I'll keep it short and simple. This is one of the best superhero films of all time. I never expected it to be this good. It had humor, action, and most importantly, it had heart."
"Into the Spider-Verse was one of the best movies I had ever seen. All of the affects and work put into this movie, really payed off. 100% deserving of the oscar. I also believe the voice over acting was fantastic, (my personal favourite Hailee Steinfeld), although every actor in this movie in beyond talented. Recommend for sure."
"I'm basically looking for a animated film that doesn't follow the animation tropes that needed to die. I saw the trailer and i knew it would be considered different. However the second trailer, really got me kind of nervous personally. Peni Parker really can go in three ways on how i first feared it; one she goes out stereotypical annoying similar to the minion rabbit hole. two, Normies that doesn't know the term anime. or three, follows the anime tropes towards females. as it turns out, she goes out alright. To put visual aesthetic at first, is literally eye candy, without a doubt. I honestly don't have complaints about this movie. It's literally a joyride."
"Very fun movie to watch, my son and I go crazy for this movie."
"This is by far the best Spider-Man film. That is including everything from Toby Mcguire to Andrew Garfield and Tom Holland. Into the Spider-Verse is fun for everyone from children to grown men and women. We get a fresh take on an old character with this Spider-Man. Not only are we introduced to Miles Morales, the first Afro-Latino Spider-Man, but also the Spider Men from multiple universes. From the plot and execution to the score and soundtrack this film is everything you would want in a movie theater experience."
"Placing a lot of emphasis on the leap, an animated Spider-Man movie was a gamble. Being animated, not as many people will go see it, as it's not Disney. Also, Sony Animation doesn't exactly have the best track record. The budget for this movie is quite high, and if it failed, it would have cost Sony millions. However, the effort and heart put into this film worked, as the film succeeded in the box office, and went on to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, over other great features. However, the movie quite honestly deserves it, being one of the best films of 2018. It's story is quickly paced, intertwining fast action beats with slow character moments. The action is well choreographed, and has plenty of weight to it. The voice acting is on point, and the character designs pop out, and are unique. The variety of Spider-people keep the movie from getting stale, and they work off of each other very well. The emotional beats hit hard, as many have felt the way Miles felt (In a battle between pursuing your own passion versus the one that others want for you). The message that everyone can become a hero is very encouraging to people, and can inspire them to help out in more ways than one. However, the most significant thing to note is the animation. It is very unique, having a comic-book aesthetic, with bright colors, and moments of jaw-dropping beauty. Spider-Man has been one of my favorite heroes ever since I was young, and this is my favorite Spider-Man film. It is a very-well rounded film, and has something for almost everyone. If you're still on the fence about the movie, try it. Take a leap of faith, and you just might like it."
This is honestly one of the greatest animated films I've ever seen.
"This was the best movie of 2018. Period, end of story. It says a lot that you can pause the movie at nearly any frame and have wallpaper art. Start it up almost anywhere and you'll laugh. I could watch this movie every day and keep finding things I didn't notice before for months. The characters are so relatable despite there only being ten minutes of screen time for some of them. Miles is far and away one of my favorite renditions of Spider-Man ever, and I love the little imperfections on each character model that make the characters subtly more human -- like Gwen's adorable gap in her teeth, Miles' weird eyes and Peter's misshapen nose. These are people, realized more perfectly in animation than they could be in real life. It makes me so happy to see animated movies come this far. I could just continue to gush about it for forever, but that would make an incoherent mess, so go watch the CinemaWins or really any review or essay on YouTube. Just let me say that this is probably one of the best animated movies ever made, definitely one of the best Spider-Man movies ever made (I think Sam Raimy's Spider-Man 2 is the only one that could unseat it), one of the best superhero movies ever made, and seriously just one of the best movies I've ever seen. So many feels, so many laughs, so enjoyable each and every time."
"I'm thrilled with a picture style! The colors, lines details. I like the adaptation of the film picture in the style of comics the most. Like a comics came to life. The animation is fantactic as well. A lot of details and a great mood. I was delighted to watch the new style of animation. I consider that this is the biggest advantage of this film. This is something new done at the highest level!"
"It's just what you would want of a critically impressive animated film.

* Stunning animation that changes the boundaries for what animation studios should be investing into. * A coming-of-age tale that beautifully brings Miles Morales into the big screen. * Bright and colorful characters which come in all different styles from anime, to noir, to old slap-stick cartoons. * And it's the best spider-film movie since Spider-Man 2, that totally understands the source material, and elevates it to greater extremes.

Excellent film, would recommend to anyone."
"Without a doubt this movie has a spectacular and emotionally driven plot that doesn't even focus on the Peter Parker we all know and love but a young African American/Latino boy from Brooklyn. Whether you're laughing at the bright and quippy one liners that one would expect from a Spider-Man/Marvel film, or crying alongside the characters dealing with the struggles of becoming the Spider-Men, women, or Pig of their respective universes one thing is for sure. This film will be a gem that I know my children's children's would love and far on beyond that!"
"With a great cast, a funny Stan Lee cameo, a fabulous storyline, jokes that are brilliant, the backstory of the main villain told perfectly and animation that looks exactly like a comic book, this movie is just one of the best Spider-Man movies out there."
"This movie is a great display of how not only a super hero movie or animated movie but how a movie should be done. This movie had just the right amount of good humor, a pretty good soundtrack. Even though there were some artists I'm not that big of a fan of I still feel everyone contributed in a nice way (I also rate music on Album of the year lol). It was self aware about some cliches but then proceeded to not go through with them or did something unique with the tired super hero formula. This is also by far the best SpiderMan film. I enjoyed this movie alot and will continue to rewatch this movie for years to come. Hope you enjoyed my first review"
"I loved it. The animation style was something new that I've never experienced before but it played very well to the feel of a comic book adapted to the big screen. The story was executed extremely well and the visitations were fast, fun, and very colorful. I think this movie set a new bar for what an animated comic book should be."
"Fantastic movie, modern take into spiderman...so happy I finally can show a super hero movie to my son thats inclusive in every way and the music was amazing too, not the old fashion stuff."
"For an animation movie, it's very original and comical every step of the way. It really carries well the Spider-Man Franchise and portray's it with a modern day outlook."
"Since the teaser trailers release in 2017, personally, it invested me. The characters, the dynamic look, the artistic scenery... it all looked so different to what has ever been delivered in the animation genre. Surprising from Sony, the same company who released The Emoji Movie.

Beginning with Miles, he's such a dynamic hero in the array of Spider Men. He's more relatable and comedic than TH, TM and AG. Peter B. Parker was also a comedic hero who looked out for Miles during this whole movie. Sort of an older brother feel to him. Gwen Stacys character backstory sticked close to the comics, and both her and Miles's friendship is believable and cute. Finally, the side characters, limited to Peni Parker, Spider Noir, Peter Porker, Aunt May, Uncle Aaron, Kingpin, Doc Oc and Miles's dad. They all bring such energy to the story and make the movie such an epic, comic like masterpiece.

If you ever have the chance to, believe me. You should watch this movie at least once. Just to see the amazing artistic, comic like style of animation. And the most dynamic story in a movie... Ever

10/10"
This film is about a kid who becomes spider man when the old one dies then some other spiderman join in and *spoilers ahead* like every spider man movie he game ends the villian of the movie he saves the world of ending because of it and SAVES HIS FRIENDs.. my opinons about is its great it takes the comics and combines it with the film version of spiddey. Its great 10/10 would buy again.
It's good. It's pretty good. Very good. Good amount of good.
"This film encapsulates the entirety of what Marvel was a whole. This movie was very much for the people. Amidst the pop culture references, beautiful soundtrack, and a classic Marvel plot, all the characters are dynamic and layered, the animation is intricate and detailed, and the scenes flow almost seamlessly. It's not the scheduled Marvel movie, it's an artistic expression of nostalgia that brings the viewer back to the comics."
"Arguably one of (if not the) greatest superhero movie of all time. The energy this movie has is unparalleled. An incredible film that surpasses every other spiderman movie by far, and has incredible pacing, well-written characters, jaw dropping animation, and amazing writing. Everytime I rewatch this movie I find something new about it that I like. Excellent movie."
"Three different Spider-Men and nearly twenty years into the comic book movie craze, we've seen countless variations on Hollywood taking comic book characters and adapting them to movies, all to varying degrees of success. This is the first movie to make me feel like they took the art form of comic books and made it into movie. Using the major beats from Miles Morales' origin (bit by a spider, given powers and vowing to continue on in honor of his hero Spider-Man while being pulled from the influence of his cop father and thief uncle) and adding the characters introduced in the Spider-Verse storyline to tell the first Spider-Man movie that brings together every aspect of what makes him such an enduring character. There's so much to love about this movie. First off, it's incredibly funny, with visual gags and character-based humor you would expect from Lord and Miller. Then there's the stylized art, breaking the mold of what a big studio animated movie could or should look like and giving each spider-hero an art style suited to their world, then blending them into Miles' world, that distinct bubble-pop comic print. It also features the best use of onomatopoeia since the Adam West Batman of the '60's, giving the movie a feel of an actual comic book come to life. There's the music which perfectly adds to Miles' character through both the score by Daniel Pemberton and the needle drops (why do I love Post Malone?). It also gave us a great take on the Kingpin, a villain that is not trying to take over the world but who is just trying get back what he lost, no matter what destruction is left in his wake. The voice acting is note-perfect across the board and there are several Easter eggs and nods to the fans scattered throughout, rewarding repeat viewings. Finally, there's the heartbreaking cameo from Stan Lee that helps tie into the theme of the movie and the character of Spider-man. That theme and the heart of this movie are what pushed it over the edge.

Because Spider-Man was always my favorite hero and those themes are central to what makes him so iconic. He isn't a billionaire with expensive toys nor is he a god-like being from another world. He is a kid from NY who unwittingly stumbled into powers and quickly learned a valuable lesson: With great power comes great responsibility. Constantly pushed to the edge and juggling his personal life with being a superhero, but he will always do what is right. It's because of that lesson he learned in the character's very first appearance all the way back in 1962. Into the Spider-Verse takes it a step further and says anyone can be the hero. Anyone can wear the mask if they're willing to step up and do what's right. And there's not one way to do it. When Miles learns his place, diving up into the city while ""What's up Danger"" blares, my heart soared. He's not Peter Parker. He's Spider-Man. The film says to be a hero and to be yourself. Don't do what someone else would do; do what you would do. That's what the world needs: you."
Its epic best movie ever made if you want to watch it is on apple tv also dont get comfused it is NOT on disney +
The movie is nice to download My name is Guin Peters
"Well, I'm new on this but come on, spiderverse is a perfect animation to me, the main caracther has a personality that i say is excellent, has a good mood and the comic relief is always on time, and has the right measure to don't break the drama and in every frame they make get you excited.

Sorry for the bad english, thats not my main language and thats my first review."
This movie is so amazing that I watched the movie on netflix A Thousand Times! This Movie is AWESOME! And how do you want to watch this amazing movie and You Should To!
"Great movie. Great plot. Marvel in the right measure, socially important themes too. Worth your time!"
I don't even know what to say... My favourite movie ever no doubt about it. I can't even put into words how much I love this movie.
Apparently gravity was working the other way when Miles jumps horizontally and lands back on the wall.
"Spider-Man Into the Spider-Verse is a movie that's just impossible to dislike. The animation is beautiful with every frame looking like a comic book panel. The soundtrack and score is amazing every scene when a big song comes on gives me goosebumps, I've watched this movie like ten times it always delivers. The story is also amazing, watching Miles grow as a hero and a person is amazing. The big reveal of Miles uncle and the prowler is not the most breathtaking thing but it still makes you feel what Miles is feeling. In the reveal scene the score is amazing from it being the normal prowler music to a very dramatic score when you see Miles's reaction to seeing his uncle be the person who's trying to kill him gives me goosebumps. This movie isn't a perfect movie, it's impossible to have a perfect movie but it's as close as you can get. That's why I believe it's wort ten stars."
"I think i have watched this at least 3 times over because of how good this film is. The storyline is captivating and the animation is superb, couldn't have made a better soundtrack. One of the best (superhero) films ive seen."
This movie is excellent and iam a spider man and spider ham fan and i like miles morrels.
I didn't think this movie was going to be as good as it was. It had such an artistic approach that matched the storyline. It was such a creatively visually appealing film. Such an awesome film!
This was the greatest if not best movie in 2018 I watched (in my opinion)
"This movies is incredible. The animations, the soundtracks, and the storytelling are all amazing.

When I first saw the movie It surprised me a lot because of how good it is, from the stunning visuals, the characters, the humorous dialogue, the music.

It is truly an amazing movie and it might be my favorite spider-man movie of all time."
I love this movie because it is so lovely good and reliabl.
"It was cool when I saw all those super powers.

It was cool to see the other spider heros.

And the ended was really good.

Sean age 5."
"Beautiful story, absolutely gorgeous animation. The characters are very likeable."
"I've watched this movie countless times, and I always find something new about it. The originality of it and how its animated less modern compared to other animated films is astonishing. You can pause any scene in the movie alone and it'll look like it's from a comic book.

I love watching and rewatching it for however long and finding something new to love about it."
The favourite part of Spiderman Into The Spiderverse was Miles Morales 🕸🕸🕸🕸🕷🕷🕷🕷
"Good day to all, dear friends!

Not so long ago I watched this cartoon, I decided to watch it only because the genre of super-heroes is interesting. I also keep track of all Marvel's new products.

The cartoon has a rather interesting and intriguing plot. There are some references and interesting Easter eggs. Also in the film there is quite a good and good humor, which I liked.

I liked the drawing of the film, extremely unusual and beautiful, it was nice to watch. Except that sometimes there was not enough more information about the characters, which at the end of the film remained undisclosed.

Summing up, I will say that the film is rather designed for a children's audience, but it was still interesting for me to watch it. Those who follow the Marvel movie industry should like it. Everyone who wants to watch the cartoon enjoy watching!"
"So, this is just the most awesome cartoon, which is simply unrealistically cool stylized as a comic book. It seems to me that there has not been such a harmonious combination since the days of ""Scott Pilgrim vs. All."" Moreover, the drawing creates the feeling that you are watching a cartoon in 3D.

The plot, as in all films about Spider-Man, and in particular about parallel worlds, was already familiar to me after watching tons of TV shows and reading comics, so it was hard to take me by surprise here. However, the screenwriter also does not eat his bread in vain, so a couple of turns were just crazy!"
"This is a unique project of its kind, which came out at the right time in our universe. Enough time has passed for the viewer to miss the old characters, but not too long for the actors to grow old and not be able to play the same roles. The film not only pleases comic book fans with iconic appearances, but also tries hard to develop itself within itself. Being quite simple in terms of events, it raises very difficult moral questions, significantly develops key characters and reboots the existing world to the core. Marvel Studios is having a tough time right now, but No Way Home is a film that shows they're still at the forefront, that they still have ideas that can win repeated applause from the audience."
"A awesome movie. Exciting. Nice direction. Nice characters. History awesome very awesome.

I Love it very much. Spider is the best superhero ever Movie watched 1 of march of 2022."
"I hope that they create a follow up on this movie asap. It is a fresh take on spiderman, wrapped with fanservice and original content. I think I can speak for most fans of the spiderman series when I say that this was dope!"
"The storyline is great, the visuals are fantastic and just about everything in this movie is perfect. I genus's can't wait to watch the upcoming second one and hopefully it doesn't disappoint."
"Well, we definitely have watched a lot of animated movies, but this movie it's exceptional, the animation, story line every single thing was unexpected, unexpected in an enormously amazing way. While watching the movie the animation makes one feel as if everything from the comic book leaps out around you, the story line had it's ups and downs but it keeps one intimidated. And sound tracks played their part in making the movie one of it's kind, especially Post Malone's ""Sunflower"". If i had to describe the whole movie in one word then i'd say ""MARVELOUS""."
"Trouxe arte para os filmes de heróis, roteiro, fotografia, personagens com profundidade."
"Everything great about both comics and movies is on display at such a high degree that, even now, I cannot believe it's real.

The intricate cinematography, the mind-blowing comic book visuals, the expertly woven score and the amazingly curated soundtrack. All of these are held together by a smart, funny and heartfelt story that shows what amazing heights can be reached when everything and everyone involved is at the top of their game.

Highly recommended.

I repeat. HIGHLY recommended."
I do NOT like anime type cartoon movies.. but this thing Omg!!! I am in love!! I kept forgetting I was watching a cartoon and the acting is great!! And the graffic's and I was so mezmorized! I will watch this over and over hahaha!
"The only thing better than this movie, is the beautifully put together musical score. Good humour, sublime action, and amazing voice acting to piece together a great movie. This could be the start of a great franchise. If the prowler music does not get your nerves shaking, something's up! Take the leap of faith, watch it, love it. 10/10 doesn't even cut it. Genius."
"Good graphics, good plot, design and funny :) I think this is the best graphic animation ever made by MARVEL"
"How can anyone not love this movie? The visuals are absolutely amazing , the soundtrack is sublime and the story is probably the best spiderman story we have ever had"
"I've probably seen this movie 8 times so far and everything about it is amazing. I've never been bored at any moment on any of the watch through, it just captures me everytime. The artwork is astounding and I for the heck of me can't work out how they done it, did they model the cast and overlay the artwork on top or just all computer generated. Either way I dont think ill ever bore of this movie. If you haven't seen it then you must."
An achievement in what can be done in an animated film
If you haven't seen this movie with the old school red and blue 3d glasses you haven't seen this movie. It is life changing my good animation. The animation is amazing normal don't get me wrong but HOLY MOTHER OF ..... wow. P.S watch the 2d movie with those glasses it doesn't have to be a 3d version!
"Going into this I was worried that it would push an agenda at some point like many of the Disney marvel movies do, but at no point did I think that it was and it felt like a breath of fresh air. This is a movie that I really enjoyed and that I wouldn't mind watching it a couple times in a month and I can only say that for a couple other movies. The art of this movie really feels like it's coming out of a comic book, while at first it seemed a bit odd I soon began to really appreciate it and I think it just added to the show. Whilst there are a couple of cheesy parts one in particular with Aunt May, it doesn't bother me. This movie is wonderful and I just hope you can appreciate it as much as I did.👍🏼"
"It was the favourite animated movie of mine since Zootopia and Coco! It's comprised of all the elements to be a classic superhero movie, and even more convincingly so: splendid funny visuals - a perfect mimic of the original comics style all the while making the implausible action so realistic and interesting to see, strong character development, fast-paced and highly charged plot turns, all effective at embellishing a touching story about self growth and dream. An impeccable and delicate blend of heart-wrenching lows and exhilarating highs, it gathered my tears and laughs throughout the entire time. Didn't imagine an animation to achieve beyond normal movies, and applause to the voice cast too!

It made me want to be a Spider-Man myself and relive my youth like Miles. A deserved win!"
"My expectations were low before starting the movie. But as the movie goes the character development shocked me with other spiderman plot twists. After credit scene was also had reference to the meme hehe, i highly recommend the film if you havent watched yet!"
"Headline, Read the headline. Yayayayayyayaya Yayayayayayayayayayayayayayayayaysyayaysysysysyaysyayayayayayayayayayaayayayayayyayayayayyayayssyys"
"I am astonished that Sony animations let this much creativity and heart go into a film, the visuals are the best I've ever seen, amazing pacing and each character feels needed and improtant, the music is amazing with not only a good score but it progresses the characters along with it, just perfect"
"The voice acting, animation, story, it's perfect. It's the perfect comic book adaptation of Spider-Man, mixing everything you enjoy about super hero movies. It's the perfect mix of diversity without shoving politics in your face."
Absolutely love this film cannot wait for the next one.
"Perfectly cast and acted (one of the rare non-pixar movies where celebrity voice actors actually make it work), visually stunning, fantastic soundtrack. Watch this every couple months, and it truly is. . . Flawless."
"I've never been a huge fan of writing. As a student, I do enough of it for school, so why take time out of my day to write even more? This was the quandary I faced months ago when I first saw this movie. I just watched this movie again-for probably the eighth(?) time- and I've officially broken down. This movie impacted me so much that I created an account simply to write this review. To anyone reading this: if you have a heart, a soul, a fiber of your being capable of emotion, watch this film. If you want to leave now, I get it. This will be a long, comprehensive review. But know this: this movie is phenomenal and it should be studied, watched, and most importantly, enjoyed for years to come. There will also be spoilers sprinkled throughout I grew up on comics. I literally couldn't get enough of Batman as a kid. But honestly, I never really liked Spiderman. I don't know why, but he just never really clicked. I saw the Sam Raimi movies as a kid, but I just thought they were ok. The Andrew Garfield movies....well let's just say I agreed with the general public. I really love Tom Holland in the MCU. But the Magnum Opus in my heart, the Pinnacle of all Spider-Men, will forever be Shameik Moore as Miles Morales. I've liked them, but I've never connected with a Spiderman movie until now. This movie is a comic book movie. No, let me rephrase that. This movie is a COMIC BOOK (movie). Nearly every frame has elements of a comic book, from the frames, to the colors, down to the onomatopoiea text bubbles. I'll get to the animation in a second, but the animators successfully made a comic book jump to life on screen. The animation is nothing short of amazing. Obviously this is not a new opinion. Greater minds than mine have already discussed how incredibly well crafted this animation is. I say crafted because this wasn't made. This wasn't animation that a studio just threw money at mindless artists to make. This animation is imbued with care and love for the production as a whole as well as the source material. The voice acting is nothing short of a miracle. Every actor fully understands their character, and it shows. Chris Pine perfectly sounds like the altruistic friendly neighborhood Spiderman that we all know. His voice exudes kindness and understanding when talking to Miles. He is OUR Spiderman. Shameik Moore perfectly portrays emotion throughout the film. When Aaron dies, you are forced to feel the emotion with Miles. He also sounds perfectly nervous during the shoulder touch scene with Gwen. The ackwardness of the lines make the viewer feel just as ackward as Miles, a feat done perfectly by Moore. Jake Johnson is the bad Spiderman. He is the Spiderman that we don't need, and kind of don't want. But Jake's voice delivery makes you feel his depression of losing MJ. Mahershala Ali and Brian Tyree Henry are a power duo of voice work that compliment each other. When dying, the prowler gives Miles a speech that the audience hears, but also feels. Through just his voice, we know the prowler is aware he's made mistakes and wishes he could do it over again, a skill that only a masterclass actor like Ali could muster. I don't cry at movies. It's not some macho thing or whatever, it's just that no movies have legitimately moved me to tears. Brian Tyree Henry changed that. When Jeff monologues to Miles through the closed door, I may have shed a gangster tear or two. The line ""Sometimes people just grow apart"" really hit me. Jeff knows that if he would have spent more time with Aaron, his brother wouldn't have gone down a life of crime; knowing this, he wants to prevent that life from Miles. Jeff holds back tears as he attempts to deliver the devastating news, and the audience can grasp his trauma through his emotion. Spiderman: Into The Spiderverse has my second favorite soundtrack of all time. I say second because, I'm sorry, but no soundtrack will ever beat Guardians of the Galaxy, and that's final. The use of Sunflower paints Miles as just a regular kid who sings the lyrics to songs he barely knows, and everyone can relate to that. What's Up Danger? is probably my favorite song from this album, as its use is just the perfect backdrop for the epic moments onscreen. Scared of the Dark was also really nice because they only used the chorus, one that enstills in the audience a sort of gloom, which emphasizes that the world truly lost a hero when Spiderman died. Lastly, I loved the goofs. This film perfectly divides comedy with serious emotion, and there's no emotional beat undercut by a cheap joke. The writers knew their limits and stuck to them. I think the one exception to this rule ended up being my favorite part of the movie, because it was done tastefully. The major fight between Miles and Kingpin stopped being a time for jokes when Miles just kept getting pummeled. It would be a smart call to not have any Spiderman quips and just show Miles' strength of will instead, but the film does both. Miles didn't have to do the shoulder touch/venom strike move, but it improves the scene. He could have had the same outcome by doing a variety of actual combat techniques, but this just felt right. Miles, in the moment, completed both his and Aaron's character arcs. By taking everyone's advice along the way, Miles became Spider-Man. Aaron's arc was completed by leaving Miles with a move that would avenge himself. Many of the jokes were absolutely hilarious, with many subtle ones that could gloss over some people (I think it's a Banksy). Spider-Ham, voiced by none other than John Mulaney, was completely over the top, and I loved it. Did Kingpin need to be inhumanly gigantic? Absolutely not. Did I feel that it was a weird, but bold cinematic choice that overall improved the movie? Definitely. Nic Cage...is just Nic Cage. He was the perfect cast for the material given, and I can't emphasize enough how much I loved him in this movie. I know this was a really long review, but I truly spilled my heart and my soul into this, much like how I feel the creators did on this film. I hope you enjoyed this review, and I hope you loved this movie. If you didn't see this movie, even though I spoiled it, go watch it. It is a cinematic masterpiece that is nothing short of spectacular."
"Into the spider-verse it's one of the best animation movies I ever seen.

First of all, the process to create this kind of animation it's in unimaginable, it was revolutionary. A fusion of 3d and 2d with comic textures and effects creates a visual show, it helps with the mood and the narrative.

The script it's great, not the best, but a great example of how to give color and life to a character. I think the idea of ""anyone can wear the mask"" was a great target point to drive the movie, it's a thinks that make us feel more inside the movie and in the end, we all feel really good."
The movie was awesome and if probably for 6 and up though.
"I will never not love this film. the animation is fantastic. the characters are awesome. the humor is on point. and the action is great as well. this film is a marvel for both (quite literally) marvel and sony. i just have to say, THANK YOU TO WHATEVER IS IN THE SKY FOR THIS. if you can't tell, i love it. sweet jesus i love this film so much. i need to buy the blu-ray.

12/10"
"This movie is phenomenal!! A wonderful family film, the graphics are beyond this time, it teaches a lesson & the voices could not be more perfect!"
Itz just amazing to c d cinematography and the story is just fabulous Worth watching n comedy has worked
