Review
"Contains light spoilers! 8.7 on Imdb? Are you for real? I couldn't even watch it till the end, i had to stop. After I saw DV.A spiderman and Spider Pig, that was too much! I mean the story is not so bad, kind of interesting actually, but then it turns into this laughable, ridiculous childrens cartoon, something you could show on a saturday morning for the little ones to enjoy. but if you're looking for something meaningful, look somewhere else, because you won't find it here."
"I'm sure it's terribly clever and artsy. I could appreciate the complexity of the graphics. But I just couldn't get into the story that much. Like some others said, it seemed really long. I definitely liked the original spider man movies better."
"I'll be upfront, I'm giving this 1 star because of the treatment of Peter Parker.

They didn't do the Andrew Garfield thing and turn him into a bully. But they did do that Modern Marvel Comics thing and turn him into an idiot screw-up in an effort to alienate the fans and somehow make Miles better by mocking Peter.

And I'm not a fan of that. Parker is a dork, he's got a smart mouth...but he's really smart, a genius, totally heroic, and well, the call him ""The Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man"" for a reason. He cares, specifically he cares about the average working schulb.

This kind of just took Peter Parker and almost mocked him and, honestly, I can't get behind that. i couldn't get behind it when they turned him into a bully in the Garfield movies, and I don't care for it when they mock him here."
Why? They should have corrected the DVD version. How long do I have to make a review?
"I am absolutely shocked at the massively high rating and hype surrounding this movie. I'm afraid it's a victim of Black Panther syndrome, which judges a motion picture on inclusivity rather than actual quality. This is also reflected pretty obviously in the soundtrack which is obnoxious hip hop, which is of course just my opinion.

This movie had some good moments and some funny moments, but overall, it's a below average animation for children. A lot of people are praising the art style, but personally it actually strained my eyes after 30 minutes, and I'm only in my twenties. The low frame rate and sometimes just bad picure quality make me feel like I'm watching a bad video game cutscene.

The voice acting is solid all around and probably the saving grace if there is one. The story is nothing special. It hits the cliche tropes and passes on logic for over the top situations/powers/details which aren't explained. This further points to a young target audience.

I would say I could never understand why this movie has such a high rating, but we all know why. I wish people would rate movies based on their merit alone and not the political virtues that are implied. Mediocre at best. Im convinced bots are rating and reviewing this movie."
"Too childish, too boring. There's never an interesting plot nor a good narrative, and the humor was terrible... All the characters are dislikeable, and the animation, well, the one from the late 60's is far better than this, you better watch that instead, it's more interesting."
The animation is so jumpy it looks to be rendered at around 10fps. That kills it right there.
"This review is gonna be quite simple. It's divided in 3 ranges, according to your age.

-If you are under 10 years there is a little chance that you will suffer epilepsy while watching the movie. It's really little, because you will fall aslept in 5 minutes.

-If you are between 11 and 16 you will love the movie. Tons of action, lights, plot twists and that kind of useless things that impress a teenager.

-If you are over 17, you will press the ""stop"" button in 15 minutes max.

I'm 44, so I'm gonna say it's the worst movie I've seen this year (and the whole last year too) so far. Seriously, if you have a little love, hype or any good feeling for the Spiderman character, ruuuunnnn!!!!"
"Saw this today thanks to AMC's A-List. It was truly awful. I fell asleep and when I woke up, Miles formed some sort of Spiderman team with some Japanese girl in a suit, Spiderman Noir(?), Spider Pig, who I actually remembered from the nineties and some other characters. This was just absolutely weird. This movie was just all over the place, I don't think Marvel could possibly have had anything to do with this mess unlike Spiderman Homecoming. I'm at a loss as to why Sony has problems making a decent Spiderman/Venom movie. Yes, I know Venom did well, but let's be honest, people only went because Homecoming was so good, so they thought Venom would be as well. They didn't know Marvel wasn't allowed to have any say on that film though, sadly.

Thanks for wasting 2 hours of my time. Don't waste yours."
"Went to see the movie because so many liked it, even winning Golden Globes, Oscar nomination.

But really fail to see why such fuss over it.

The plot wasn't bad but the pig spiderman was a bit much."
"What nonsense did I actually watch, same story, same villain, just bringing up extra 5 spider-men doesn't change anything, the origin story of Miles should have been better, creative not something that people can easily find in the comics! What was the difference? Lame radioactive spiders roaming around, biting people turning them into spiders! The entire world will turn into spiders then! Guys you completely lost it, the millions that were used should have been saved for some better origin stories! What a waste of time and money! Definitely requires a refund for this! Completely ruined my 2 hours! A bit of respect I had for spider-man film is completely destroyed."
"I though the plot would be more detailed and mature .Instead it is a very generic story that doesn't pick pace . Plot development has clearly taken a backseat to visuals .It feels like watching a 2 hour videogame .May appeal to geeky teen boys , nothing for adults here !!"
"Although storylines are predictable, I love spiderman movies. I like spiderman as a vigilante. He is smart, funny and brave and these are all traits you will look for in a superhero. But this Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse movie disappointed me very much. In fact, I would not call it a 'movie'. Its a more of a youtube video I would say. The inconsistent script, character popping up here and there like a popcorn. Total waste of 1h 57min of my life."
"Popular among fans certainly, its visuals are well done, but for me the plot felt flat, everything else is ok."
"Terrible music. Entirely unnecessary, useless and annoying music. Ruined the movie. Average movie overall, and incredibly overrated. The worthless and mindless music started blarring at least 10-15 times throughout the film. Very shallow and annoying rap nonsense. Can't deal with it. I have never seen a movie with less fitting music.

Way to many spider ""men"", including unbelieveably cheesy and annoying unfitting representations of the character.

It was just a super cheesy movie, and it was entirely unneeded and directionless."
"This is probably the most overrated movie ever,it ruinns spiderman everyone is just a spiderman fanboy this movie wasnr even that good"
I just watched this painful animation with lots of colours and predictable story. Just a bunch of mixstuff of everything u've seen before and most dislikeable heroes 'ever. Bring back Peter Parker and stop this huge BS road that Hollywood is on. Save your money its not worth it.
"Uninspiring story with mediocre dialogue and lots of cliche and chance encounters make for a pretty dull movie. The awe-inspiring cgi fails to make up for its many shortcomings. I would rate it a 5 on my personal scale, but seeing as so many people (or bots??) have given it a 10, I intentionally rate it down with a 1. For me it was a waste of time and money and would not recommend to anyone. Worst Spiderman movie I ever saw."
"Maybe it is the 3d that i am missing. I am sure that that ruined some of the 2d graphics.

I liked the older, girl and miles spiderman. The others did have potential. But this movie was way too fast! You get no time to feel empaty. All character introductions and developments are russed like crazy. This is not the way to make a giant story like this on screen.

Maybe it is more like the commics but then i would have disliked this one too.

Would not have spend my time watching it if i knew it would be like this."
"No story depth whatsoever. Plot holes everywhere, lack of scientific complexity and explinations, backstory. Yee ha; boo"
"I'm a lifelong Spider-Man fan, and this is probably the worst venture of the whole series. I lost interested w/in about 15, 20 minutes.

Nobody wants Miles Morales as the primary Spider-Man, but that's not even the reason this was so bad. It was just... STUPID. The 1970's TV movie w Nicholas Hammond was better.

Plus, the entire story was already played out on TV (Ultimate Spider-Man?). It was just an unnecessary, unwanted, and poorly executed venture."
"It's a animation/a cartoon people. Not even close to the best/classic animation ever made either! When you see this many 8/9/10 reviews of a movie somethings not right. I watched this cartoon/movie, in a New York minute I don't believe ALL these are real bias reviews.

Don't be fooled, this cartoon was made to be to be viewed in IMAX 3D! The 2D conversion made & released by Sony studios is TERRIBLE & a joke. This is just like the story of ""The Emperor's New Clothes"" or as a used car salesman spiel. They worked 4 years on the 3D release & on a blurry mess of a miss-conversion 2D release.

The old adage is true here, ""When something is too good to be true it must not be"".

This is NOT the best picture of the year! This is NOT the best picture ever made! This is NOT the best cartoon ever made!

An honest review, It's somewhere in between a treasure & a junk, = 5. Now that's believable."
"I couldn't stand this ridiculous mess of a film, the animation was horrible & the story was stupid & it was so unfunny & well just a mess in my opinion but I'm sure many will probably love it, glad I'm different"
"If this movie is for the kids, I doubt if any of them will even understand the plot and the purported humor. They tried to complicate the plot too much. So it is the adults who are going ga ga over a kids movie. So much for the purpose. But who cares when the box office cash is flowing. I found the plot to be mushed and too complicated. The animation seemed blurred in many places. I dont know if that was the intention. And the 3D effects are nothing to rave about. Very Ordinary.There are far better 3D animation movies out there and I wont rate this in the list of Top-10 3D animated movies.."
"This movie is definitely not as good as everyone is making it out to be.

The movie starts off simply enough. Miles is your average Hollywood teen, who is the son of the only police officer in New York City. And if you want to see yet another person get bitten by a radioactive spider, then you're in luck.

75% of the film is Miles trying and failing to be Spiderman. He's incapable of controlling any of his powers, and does little more than get in the way and utter cliche lines such as ""I have to do this. I promised."" It's rather frustrating to watch. But conveniently, he figures everything out in the last half hour and becomes a better hero than all the other Spidermen who've been in the business for years.

Speaking of everyone else, as the story progresses, the audience is introduced to more and more Spiderman variations (and more unusual villains). With so much content, they barely get any more than just a few minutes of screen time. Spiderman Noir was interesting, for the five lines he had. I'm pretty sure there was some kind of Penny Porker character, but I may be mistaken. There's also a Scorpion villain who shows up out of nowhere, then mostly disappears.

As a whole, the movie was filmed assuming that the audience's attention span is a about 1 second. Most jokes are cringe worthy, especially after you've seen them in the trailer. There's also way too much flash going on, and the movie's final scene is about as visually complex as a Jackson Pollock spatter painting.

Spiderverse doesn't do anything that hasn't been done time and again."
"So the 1 rating is to offset all of the fake ""10"" greatest movie ever reviews. This is truly a 6/7. The movie is aimed squarely at the tween/teen audience with a grating urban contemporary soundtrack. This has little to no connection to the actual Spider-Verse series. The story they came up with was acceptable. I liked the interaction between Miles his father and uncle. Not all of the humor hits. They chose some of the lamest spiders from the Spider-Verse. Especially bad was the manga spider and Spiderham is less cartoony in the comics. Did not like the Kingpin voice or portrayal and every other villain such as Tombstone is just wasted. The movie had heart which elevates it over common kiddie animation. Not even close to the best Spider-Man movie."
"Apparently, the background in much of this movie is comic book pages which were printed with the blue and red inks not quite matching up. That made them ""fuzzy"". I found this very distracting, and by the time I had finished the movie, I was worn out. Also, there were endless chase scenes and endless superpowered- characters throwing other superpowered-characters around. The usual stuff, which I find silly. And it was long. And loud. I guess this entire genre is targeted at children. I found nothing interesting in this movie."
"Weird story...even for a cartoon story with a lot of poetic licence. Story line JUST does not make sense. On top of that, psychedelic lights/pictures, and loud disconcerting music jumps out at you every few minutes. After a few minutes, I was worried that the rest of the movie would continue to suck, and was hoping for a reprieve...however that never came. After looking every which way to justify sitting in the theater, I could not - and walked out for the last bit. I think the wisdom of the public (97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, as of Dec 31, 2018) has failed for this movie - this movie really, really SUCKS. I guess this is what results after the studios have squeezed out the story every which way to commercialize it....."
"Not a real spider-man movie, spider-man is Peter Parker not Miles Morales he's just a cheap clone created by a known hack who also helped destroy Peter Parker's marriage along with the idiotic hack and terrible Mary sue insert writer Joe Quesada, who spearheaded the project one more day one of the most reviled spider-man stories ever made and Joe's art sucks too he's worse than Rob Liefeld on Captain America.

But back to the movie itself into the spider verse features not 1 but 5 rip-off spider-men. You have the rip-off Spider-man whom the movie is about Miles Morales, who is just a black Spider-man and an unlikable boring version of Peter Parker whose only feature that separates him from Peter Parker is that he's black. Not half as deeply flawed or interesting as Peter Parker he's not a nerd who gets picked on he doesn't have trouble talking to girls he's not someone that people can relate to he's boring he's pointless and most of all he's not Spider-Man.

Then they bring in even worse, Spider man clones you have a stupid, unfunny talking pig who is a joke character made for idiots in the 80's. Then you have a generic anime girl with a pet robot who's also somehow a spider even less of a character just a generic backstory. Then you have another gimmick spider-man who's black and white and wears a hat and goggles basically a lame version of Gotham by gaslight batman which is ironic since batman beyond first ripped of Spider man 2099 which should've been in this movie instead of the stupid anime girl. They also threw in another pointless spider-man-man rip-off Spider-Gwen who has the stupidest name of any superhero just create an original character instead of making a bad spider-man clone you talent-less lazy hacks at marvel.

Miles Morales basically steals Peter Parker's origin story by having his uncle die and rips off the ending of Sam Raimi Spider-man by will his father thinks Spider-Man killed his brother. Green Goblin and the other regular spider-man villains look idiotic if something isn't broken don't fix it as they made it worse in this case. The Kingpin also doesn't even look human he looks like a golem or slightly uglier Ben Grimm and they forgot to add his neck as he doesn't even have a hint of neck the kingpin isn't a cartoon monster he's a human a fat human, but a human a human who murders a lot people for greed not nonetheless and not terrible cartoon character.

Don't make a spider-man movie and not make it about Spider-man that is just idiotic instead they made this movie about discount Spider-man and then gave him a similar tragic backstory, but dumber and then have said discount recolored Spider-Man saves the day and defeats the cartoony looking villain and stops the cliche doomsday plot device."
"Visually it is interesting for half an hour. After that, you really pay more attention to the story than the visuals. And the story is just so so. Mediocre.

After 90 minutes of incesant visual noise and excess, you just want it to end.

I saw the last half hour in reprise.

What a waste of talent. It would have been great as a short film or something."
"All the hype is just liberals trying to sell their ""diversity"" vision as usual. The movie is rather boring, rather annoying with it's cheesy, flashy, constantly moving (rapidly) abstract shapes in the background, like your average Japanese anime. The storyline is ""meh"", the length too long.

It's meant to be more of a social-political statement than anything else. Quality and entertainment wise it's Saturday morning kid cartoon at best."
It's overrated at crap. It's not even that good and it's babyish. I hope the sequel bombs at the box office.
Worst spider-man movie I've ever seen. I respect Phil Lord and Chris Miller but this movie gave me headaches.
"What is this? Ill tell you, this is a awesome animated comic book style movie, but there is something that cracks this movie up, it becomes boring and more boring Story is awful, absolutly has nothing in common with ex spidermans Looks like MARVEL have run out of ideas"
Still trying to figure out what was so appealing about this movie...the story? No...the animation? No....the characters? Definitely not.
"Well, my 8 year old son liked ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"", hence I eventually caved in and sat down to watch it. I, however, didn't like it.

This 2018 animated foray by Marvel into a mashed-up mixture of Spiderman universes was downright atrocious. The storyline was horribly flawed and just downright idiotic, and it didn't really help that the majority of the alternate Spiderman characters were equally idiotic and misplaced as the storyline itself. I mean, the Manga character and the pig-like Spiderman, seriously? It was just so stupid.

The one thing that ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" had working for it, was the animation style and the art style, which was very reminiscent of the Borderlands games and the Telltale interactive games. But that was also just about all that was working in favor of ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" in my opinion.

Well, at least the voice acting in the movie was good, so let's just be just and say that two things were working in favor of the animated movie. The only voice I recognized, however, was Nicolas Cage. I am surprised to find that Liev Schreiber also voiced a character here.

I actually gave up 25 minutes in because I was fast falling asleep. So I came back the next day to watch the rest of the movie, as my son liked it, so I wanted to check it out with him. But alas, breaking the movie up into two didn't make it an ounce better in any way. This movie was just unfathomably boring and unappealing to me.

So this was Stan Lee's final legacy, his last product to grace the cinema before his death? Well, not really a movie worthy of being a final imprint for a man of his stature. Because this movie was an abomination in every possible aspect.

I managed to sit through it in round 2, but I can in all honesty say that I am never ever returning to watch ""Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse"" again, and I will even go as far as saying that it is far worse than any of the live action ""Spiderman"" movies that has been spewed forth by Marvel."
Not worth watching. Seriously boring with cringe and illogical things in this film.
"I'll admit I'm only 5 minutes into it, but with the WHINING from Spiderman and the CHEAP CGI animation -- VERY distracting, looks worse than direct to video -- I'm ready to turn it off. The animation is just SO BAD.

And no, it doesn't look like a comic.

3 stars though for making the lead a young african american."
I slept on the latter part. Animation is not my favorite.
"I am not a fan of animated movies, but I like and follow marvel movies. Movie starts very gently with lots of passionate scenes, especially when the dad-cop asked his son to reply ""Dad, I love you."" This movie followed the disappointing formula, in which a movie starts off well, but then it's all downhill from there. After that scene, all of a sudden, the movie became so confusing and the story line got so slop as it was filled with many unreasonable and superfluous actions, And once again, I was left constantly wondering when this movie would end. I didn't leave early, because I did not want to disturb the other people, if there were any left."
"No idea how anyone would rate this highly...so predictable, terrible music, dumb plot."
It was one of the worst Spider-Man movies ever I would watch Spider-Man 3 then watch this peace of crap.
"This film along with the vast majority of other marvel films is heavily overrated. It genuinely infuriates me that it has the same rating as City of God, Spirited Away, Interstellar and Silence of The Lambs. Please people, explore the world of cinema before you watch this and score it 10/10.

Let's be honest; The story majorly lacked character development. An unavoidable fault however, as the audience raving about it are the same people who can't sit through a 2hr+ film without pulling out their phones and branding it ""boring"". The plot concept was fun and very interesting, but execution was mediocre at best. You could predict the entire film from watching the trailer to be honest. A lack of development in to key events made the majority of the watch emotionless. Huge opportunities like the passing of Fisk's wife, or the fact that all the alternate Spidermen could disintegrate; were brushed over. Though not exactly a Hans Zimmer masterpiece, the sound was okay. The picture also wasn't to my taste, however I appreciate the creativity and intention.

I'll admit 1/10 is a harsh, I'd actually give it a 6.5 or 7, I was only trying to level things out. It's just unfair that this is going to be remembered as one of the top 20 films in history because of uneducated raters who find Blade Runner:2049 confusing, but think Spiderman is ""the best movie ever cos of awesome fight scenes and tonnes of action"".

P.s. I'm not being boring and a superhero film hater. The Christopher Nolan batman films are my favourite trilogy in history. I appreciate all genres, this was just poor execution."
I'm only happy that in some parallel universe I never went to see this movie.
I was so excited to watch this movie..heard so much hype..it was totally disappointing..This is the worst spider-man movie ever..After seeing all those swirly colors- i literally dozed off for a while...so better i would stick to homecoming & far from home. Into the Spider-Verse was nice concept but bad cinematography..No sequel please
"This isnt the Spiderman I grew up watching. But as I see the current trend in Hollywood is to take the leading white male characters from successful movies of the past like Ghostbusters, James bond, Men in Black, Oceans series and turn them into either women, black or gray in the new movie. Into the spiderverse followed the same politically correct and turned Spiderman into every possible race, gender and animal on the planet. The question is is it really necessary? If you want to empower certain section of the society make new, good movies about them, but you can't. So you take the successful characters and turn them into black or female, even though it bombed so many times at the box office already. I hated the little kid spideman. Spiderman to me is a man, not a pig, not a girl and not a little black kid. Worst Spiderman movie ever.

Let Spiderman be Spiderman. Please don't make Spiderman Black transgender Muslim with autism in the next sequel."
I rented this online and watched the first 20 minutes and stopped watching. Most spiderman movies are good. This one is a cartoon and maybe kids would like it but I found it boring. Not sure why it has such high reviews.
"If spiderman into the spiderverse wins, the academy will officially have fallen as low as they possibly can. It is ridiculous how marvel and producers are so greedy to even think about making a completely new movie about a character which is popular at the moment. The spiderman homecoming series hasn't even ended and they're already working on new projects about the same character. It just causes confusion and in my case disappointment. This is why the amazing spiderman series never got a final end. Sure, spiderman homecoming hit the box office quite good... but was it seriously necessary to do a movie with thousands of spidermen just to take advantage of the popularity the character has? I've always disliked marvel because of their lack of passion for filmmaking. They do huge budget movies every year which only take about 6 months too complete just for money. All the movies follow the same plotline. None of them are original. Its just remakes and sequels, one after another. Spiderman into the spiderverse has been the most ridiculous project so far."
"Yeah they put a lot of money into it picture wise and hired a great cast. But it's the same idea from the Flash TV show different dimensions or worlds of the same character. I gave it a shot as a Spiderman fan but it doesn't do it for me. Spider Gwen? What the hell..really? And that hood out fit with the shorts was lame and ghetto for a super hero. Bonus powers? yeah, I don't think so buddy. This movie is for little kids but not hard core Spider-man fans. I'm sure they're going to start doing this with other characters now, Yeah no, that's really stupid. This whole concept was stolen from The Flash with a marvel spin to it. I didn't even like how crusty Peter Parker was looking in this cartoon either."
"I know its bad because I felt bored, that is how you know it is stupid when you want to watch a Spiderman film and instead they give you something else!

Cliched story, obvious plot twists and non stop flashing images"
"Nice animations and cool music, that's about it. I don't know how people are getting so hyped over this..."
"I'm writing this review, to save you wasting time watching this movie, as I saw this movie on the back of reading the great reviews for it on this site.

Don't know how this has got so many 10/10 ratings, I would give it a solid zero ! - I've seen all the Marvel and Spiderman movies and I am a big fan of those, but this was just rubbish - had to force myself to watch it to the end hoping that it would get better, but no luck there - my kids (old and young) also thought it was terrible.

Best way to judge whether to watch it, would be to see the trailer. If you think the content in the trailer looks poor/ok rather than great, then you'll share the same view as me. If you think the trailer is great, then you'll probably be one of those who will enjoy it."
Gave me a headache. Didn't really care for any of the characters. Try's to be funny but doesn't work. Gave up half way through.
"The animation at times is so choppy that it makes Superfriends and other Hanna Barbera cartoons seem as fluid as a Pixar movie. ""Well it's supposed to be choppy to copy comic books"" is a terrible excuse for them to cheap out on the animations. The movie would be 100% unwatchable if not for the cast and them actually putting money in to the action scene animation."
"I'll give you a point for the animation but nothing else, the historytelling Wars crap."
"Distracting, inconsistent graphics. Lazy dialog, predictable plot"
"I was looking forward to watching this movie so much because people wouldn't shut up about it and now I must say, WHAT??...

Let's start with the animation which is just awful. This ""cellshading"" effect makes little dots on everyone's face and that makes the girls in this movie look like they've got beards.. Plus, the whole artstyle just gets in the way imo. Every frame feels like it's full with unnecessary details...

The music is just awful too. Hip-hop and superheroes don't go well together imo...

What else? The story is boring, the voice acting is probably the only good thing about this movie... Isn't that sad?

I believe that only Tobey Maguire is Spiderman. Watch it if you really don't have anything else to do...."
I want to start with i have been a spider-man fan since i was a child. it never once occurred to me to add anime or any other worthless characters into the mix. this would of been better as a stand alone movie. it felt as though the new owners have no respect for the legacy that they have purchased. my kid said it was okay and will more than likely never see it again. i gave this 3 stars because i just had the attitude that it wasnt a spider-man movie.
"Generally, the whole team certainly knows what they're talking about. They even adress and implement stuff that is known from the spider-verse I did really not remember. Here's my two issues with this film though. I was really looking forward to it, mostly hoping for a game-changer in art within the whole franchise. The stop-motion-trick while doing the whole movie may be a bold animation choice, but turns out to make the whole thing clunky and I cannot figure out why they went for a lower framerate than regular animated movies. To me it just feels off and makes it hard to watch. What brings me to the second issue. I happen to feel motion sickness in certain games that appear to have head bobbling and certain light and brightness effects. So far I couldn't figure out the reason but this movie manages to do the same to me. I had to stop watching 1 hour in due to actually feeling sick just watching a damn movie. Lot's of people like it. give it a try. I cannot recommend due to motion sickness issues. A clear no to the lower framerate. It was an artistic choice but I clearly don't see the point except for the saving money part. It is creative, sure, but I cannot watch it..."
"Background flashing is worse than Natural Born Killers. Plot is weird, and then a spider pig shows up to make it even less palatable. I'm not a fan of the characters or animation"
"There is only one person that can be Spider-Man, and that is Peter Parker. This movie is a waste of time because there's only supposed to be 1 Spider-Man(Not 2,3,4,5,6). This is Not Big Spider 6."
"It is animated, who cares?? i cant believe it has the same rating that many REAL movies"
Not good i don't understand why the reviews where so good
"My Eyes! I couldn't even finish watching because of the awful animation. The way the characters moved was so unorthodox, it became disorienting and eventually painful, I had to leave theater. I was determined to finish the movie so I came back and just listened to it with my head down. Might be a good comic book but for me it was an unwatchable movie."
"Cartoon, are you serious?? This was awful. Waste of time."
"Unbelievable boring. Don't get me wrong, the voice acting for miles was cool. Origins stories are cool. But waiting almost the entire movie for him to do absolutely anything was incredibly stupid. Then trying to pile on all these plot points with unnecessary complexity like inter dimensional travel before the kid even knew how to use his powers is so stupid. And don't get me started on the weebo anime girl. Creators of this movie watch hentai."
"This movie was absolutely awful. The animation blurs every time a character moves. It hurt my eyes it was so bad. The characters were annoying, and it's full of God awful cringe throughout. People have been so completely dumbed down in recent years by the absolute TRASH Hollywood splats out to screens. It's very depressing to see how many people are so accepting of something this caliber. It ticks every cliched box of every comic book movie that comes out anymore. Especially the eye rolling, idiotic one liners constantly spit out, and the extreme political correctness that constantly litters every screen around the globe now-a-days. Basically, it's the same comic book movie you've seen over and over and over again, but animated in a terrible way. Just being honest."
"I expected a lot from this movie. I really tried to like it, but I couldn't. The animation was confusing and annoying; lots of colours and psychedelic effects, poor use of frames, etc. The story didn't really make sense, and the characters just weren't relatable to me (mind me, I'm a 20 year old latina, but I just LOVE Peter Parker. Is the personality that matters). I found Miles dislikable, as well as Peter D. (Or B?) Parker. Other characters didn't have enough screen time to show any personality. It was long, boring, and the humor wasn't as good as other SpiderMan content. I had to force myself to watch it to the end because I already paid for it, and well, maybe it'd get better at the end. It didn't. I guess I can't understand the hype."
Was completely bored with this film and I love all things Marvel. Walked out 40 minutes into it. No thank-you.
"The current assortment of reviews tell me that this movie is almost universally liked, so I am expecting to make a lot of friends by saying that I hated this movie, in that I didn't find it made a lot of sense, had numerous plot holes, and was just plain strange.

By this time, there is probably not a single person in the industrialized world who knows the story of Spider-Man: radioactive spider bite, uncle dies, becomes superhero. Sure, every incarnation of Peter Parker has been a little different: Toby McGuire was an awkward bookworm, Andrew Garfield was a skateboard rat, and Tom Holland built Lego with Ned. Spider-verse features a replacement for Peter Parker: Miles Morales, who while spending his time with his delinquent uncle vandalizing abandoned stations with graffiti art, a fitting substitute for building Lego with Ned, finds himself bitten by a radioactive spider and of course you know the rest there. Why a radioactive spider was hanging out in an abandoned station was never explained.

After realizing what happened, Morales returns to the station to check out the spider, only to become involved in a fight alongside the original Spider-Man over a machine that opens doors to parallel universes. The original Spider-Man dies after asking Morales to help him, so Morales decides he needs to become Spider-Man's replacement, only to learn that the portal his brought into this world other spider-people from different universes: another Peter Parker, who is dumb and eats too much, Gwen Stacey as Spider-Girl, a young Asian girl from the future who has a robot, a black-and-white Spider-Man from the 1930s, and a two-dimensional animated pig. Of course, why the portal only allowed spider-people to pass and not the criminals or anyone else for that matter was never explained either, and also leads to the question on whether there are Miles Moraleses in other universes or Gwen Staceys in this one. And then, Morales has developed the mysterious power to turn invisible. Where that came from was never explained either.

The whole thing is bizarre, and the animation in trying to convey these interdimensional fights is so strange that it is often hard to figure out what is going on. At this point, I am trying to figure out what the public finds so appealing about this movie, and the only explanation I can come up with are the political aspects, the fact that Spider-man does not need to be a white male anymore, and when he is he doesn't need to be smart."
"The stylised comic look kinda works, the animation is jerky and falls into an out of focus look from time to time, yes out of focus on a computer generated film, pulls you right out of what is happening. The story premise is weak and in this day and age to install a apeasement to the lack of diversity in comics is not helping ans feels like pandering. Also this is a Sony ad from start to finish lame. Waa this a failed 3d project..."
"Not like the original movies that had you at the edge of your seat with a plot. Very corny. Story very poor with no plot, yet animation good for action."
"Unwatchable, apparently they had 180 artists on this movie that decided to go with the worst art style ever, after 10 mins I thought my tv was broken so I tried it on another 1, was exactly the same, stupid out of focus backgrounds & trying something that didn't need to be done. I hope they do a in focus version because I would like to watch it. Stupid art department decision"
"MESSY - so many stories w so little time creates a boring ""all"" - I want to know more about a few of the presented characters (Gwen) but not enough to wish for a longer ""mash up"" of a story told in this film. BORRING AND TRIVIAL - as in, why oh-why does reality/naturalism of divorce, letting yourself go and no exercise, and sad life in elite schools, have to be the core of this SUPER natural/hero story? Don't want hear about it, that's what we all try to escape.

Can't wait to dig into the vintage comics about good ol' awesome Gwen Stacy - cause that's all I am left with after this messy boring trivial ""swirl"" of a contemporary take on superheroes - a longing for the too cool for school retro vintage versions."
This is by far the worst high rated movie on IMDb. Makes zero sense how it got here. I walked out halfway through after watching an hour of trash on the screen.
"If I could give this a zero I would. Congratulations. You just bumped Forrest Gump into the second most boring movie of all time, and that is no small achievement. This movie was boring from the start, and only got worse. The voices of the characters made me think they picked people from a junior high play to read the parts and they were reading their lines for the first time, and they were recording in a studio with terrible acoustics. Terrible. Worst voice overs ever in an animated movie. The visuals were unappealing, the music was extremely annoying, and I don't know how anyone over age 5 could enjoy this movie."
"The first half of the movie was amazing and exceeded my expectations. Storyline and visuals were both headed in the right direction. Then... The introduction of Spider-Ham and DVA. Seriously? What a way to throw away such a great movie. The ending was extremely cookie-cutter, however, incorporating 'Anime' of all things into the Spider-Verse was icing on the cake."
I don't understand the people who are giving 10/10 for this movie where everything is so much predictable. These are all loyal spider man series fan that watch any garbage story if there is spider man. Really?? 10/10 for this movie. This movie deserves 5/10.
"Hi ELLIOT GJAZZ here. I'm going to make this review fairly short, as quite frankly I really don't have much to say about this film.I know many people loved this movie, myself sadly I did not. I was totally bored all the way throughout and even kept nodding off for a few seconds here and there .Don't get me wrong the ANIMATION was FANTASTIC BRILLIANT, but if there is a stupid story behind it then in my book, it's a waste of time. I really wasn't keen on any of the characters except for SPIDERMAN NOIR voiced by NICK CAGE and WILSON FISK voiced by LIEV ( RAY DONOVAN ) SCHRIEIBER, both of whom I admire as talented actors. Don't get me started with that idiotic SPIDERMAN PIG which was more like POKE'MON than SPIDERMAN. That's when I just really had enough. I remember when I was a kid i used to look forward to a tv show called GLEN MICHAEL'S CARTOON CAVALCADE. This was a show which predominately showed toon type short cartoons, however there was one more serious type of cartoon, a favourite of which of mine was SPIDERMAN usually shown as a weekly 2 part episodes. This was suberb, and the reason I am bringing this up is that all that time way back in the late 60's and early 70's these SPIDERMAN Toons were wae better than this rubbish. Let me iritterate , again the ANIMATION for SPIDER-VERSE was truly MAGNIFICENT. If these guys had a better story and script then perhaps it would have been truly magnificent. One last thing. I absolutely hated the RAP MUSIC and BLAND songs. A QUINCY JONES - LALO SCHIFRIN style JAZZY score would have suited better. It wouldn't make the script better but it certainly would be more pleasing to the ear. Ending on another note I also thought the gags were awful , and could have done with the gags from AQUAMAN which was out the same week and if you read my review on it , you will see I absolutely loved it. I so much also wanted to love SPIDER-VERSE sadly however that was just not to be!"
Thanks for ruining Spider-Man for me. Boring plot. Boring concept. Doc Oct is a female.....Give me a break!!!!
"I really don't understand why speed varying stop motion is considered to be a great choice of artstyle. I barely got through the movie without throwing up, and I would much rather have seen it smoothed out. It really makes me sad that these high review scores will give future animators reason to use choppy horrible framerate.. and I won't be able to enjoy those movies :(

The story and style was otherwise good, but again, not 10/10 worthy, come on people, be reasonable..."
"This movie is abysmal . The protagonist Miles Morales has to be the most insipid 'super hero' I have ever seen . It wouldn't have hurt to give him some personality . The plot is so generic , with zero plot twists , innovation , changes of pace . Absolutely nothing to keep a viewer gripped. Sadly this seem to be a continuation of hollywoods trend of producing politically correct films at the expense of plot , pacing or story development . This was a dismal bore! Just watch the Tobey Maguire films-that is the way to make an entertaining movie!"
"The tilde is pretty explanatory. Bad animation, forced funny witch means it is not funny. Bad voice acting. Appalling. A shame to the history"
Firstly I'm a huge Spider-Man fan right from the 60's cartoon onwards. A big fan of all the Sam Raime movies including 3 and an even bigger fan of Andrew Garfield who casting was as inspired as the 2 nd film was bad thank goodness they never made 3 with the mechanical rhino . But Andrew your missed ! Slowly getting used to Billy Elliot in the role but to me he will do a better job as he gets older making Spider-Man 15 is ridiculous . This move was rubbish great animation ok story but cmon Spider-Man pig !! Really !! The award list nominations for this consist largely of movie makers of colour and as a consequence like black panther it's overhyped. This is not a racial statement it's fact . I fact my favorite Spider-Man was the John Semper cartoon series from the 90's who himself is s black guy . Sadly there is no depth to this like that incredible series ( madam Webb bits apart ) I like the idea of Miles morales as an alternative to Spider-Man but the cartoon CGI I'd to me wearing on the eye especially in 3 d ( the blur does not suit ) . So for me regrettably 2/10 and I'm being generous .
"Peter Parker has been happily the one and only Spider-Man saving the city over and over again for the last ten years. Miles Morales hates his new school although he is taken with fellow new student Gwen Stacy. His policeman father tries to keep him away from troubled Uncle Aaron. He stumbles upon a battle between Spider-Man and Wilson Fisk with his henchmen, Green Goblin and Prowler. A portal is opened between the Spider-Verse."
"I went to see this because I thought the children would like it which is why I forced myself to sit through what was a torturous attempt at humour. But afterwards, I found out the kids didn't like it either. They laughed at a few bits here and there but overall they were bored and in my daughter's words ""watched it because it was on and we were already there"". The humour was overly forced and at some points more like a slap in the face. The action in the film was all a bit rushed and what can only be described as clumsy. The story was okay but again a bit rushed as it jumped from one thing to another. One minute nothing was happening, next minute, everything was happening with barely any transition at all. But the main thing I didn't like about it, was the style of animation they used. In complete honesty. It sucked! Massively. Overall, it was a bitter disappointment and I wouldn't recommend anybody waste their time or money on it. If you want to watch it. Wait till you can do so for free."
This movie was an alright movie. However it's not worth the all the hype it's getting. The story is all the same. The movie looks like it was created for small children. Not really an exciting movie.
"This movie has the worst dramatic moments i've ever seen in movies, sound is bad in it, characters are bad, plot is the lamest, lazy writing overall, only first 30 minutes are fine, the rest is terrible"
Everything that was Spiderman and Peter Parker was abused in this piece of video. I have grown up watching Peter Parker and Spiderman and getting inspired from him. This movie annihilation of all it. It's a junk made with a thought. It puts every Spiderman fan to shame. Very poor story that makes nosense. Movie is just commercial cheap flick. Even as action movie it remains dead. Would inspire none. Strange to see critics like it. Well critics usually binge junk either ways.
"I'm over the moon for the first act. My first instinct is to have Jake Johnson play both Peter Parker. He's better acting as a slacker but if he could play the first Peter Parker, it would more compelling to see the change. The other issue is Gwen Stacy. She shows up before the incident. The movie explains it away as time travel but it would be better if it simply switched a couple of scenes. Overall, this is fun, imaginative, and glorious animation. It is also a great introduction to different Spider characters and holds potential for the live action movie world."
"The proper title should be ""Spider-Man: Super Ethnic and Urban"" there's a reason why it did so poorly in open release, try and guess what that is, lol."
"I seen some of it & I didn't like it. The film looks rather ridiculous & embarrassing. I don't want to see this film at all because it was NOT very cool. I remember a time when I seen this on a screen outside of a barbershop & because of how lame this film was, I've decided to run as far away from it as possible."
Bad movie. Very badly made. Too much hype and no content. Will never watch another superhero animated.
"Awful, just gave me a headache. poorly made. Wouldn't recommend to anyone especially if you like marvel"
What a load of rubbish I really would not waste your money
"Some scenes are ok, but overall, the frame to frame is just awful. Really hurts my eyes. This 'art style' is like when a cartoon tv show has no more budget and they draw half of what they need to make a fluid motion picture. People who just accept this as acceptable or even edgy, just don't understand. It's unpolished and unfinished. Feels like you're watching a story board. Get the point?

The story is alright. Nothing new.

Super overrated."
"Overrated, overhyped, pick your cliche. I went into this movie with high expectations. I was told how excellent it was. Sorry, disappointed! ""Jokes"" were not funny. Plot was thin. First Spider-Man was intriguing then they got rid of him. If you have to dumb down your points, stories, and jokes, stick with kids cartoons on PBS."
"Some thoughts:

Comic movies are comical. Theyre like fast food. You digest them too fast, and they ruin the habit of a good taste or eating healthy..

I enjoyed them younger, but I had to realize these movies are made for one purpose: to sell a brand. The marvel brand.

Visuals based rewiews:

Mostly every 10/10 review starts with the fact it looks good visually. The visuals are made in a paint brushed style, nothing extra. They dont really make similar style cartoons since its not really that good looking, nor stylish. Btw, Since when does a cartoon movie gets a 10/10 score based on being 'drawn' brush styled. Lets focus on the plot.

Now the story:

When I happen to be criticising a movie this is the major factor I focus on despite the fact 2000 reviews only talk about how vivid the colors were in this junk. The story is boring and can be sum up with ease. I dont want to include any spoilers but you cant really... Theres a villain and the multiverse spidermans team up to beat him. Just as in the trailer. Thats it. No twists or depths to spice it up.

I'm not dowgrading this movie. Its a 2 out of 10."
Most amazing animated movie I've ever seen. Everything was was more then perfect.
The worst film I have ever seen. Repeatative rubbish with a rubbish storyline.
"Fantastic story and for me the best Spiderman movie ever. The only one thing is the huge mistake in the movie. How is possible that Gwen Stacy came earlier to Miles Morales world before Peter Parker put his head in the dimension machine? Gwen suppose has to appear after that crash and not before, remember that Miles and Gwen met in the school before that scene. Don't tell me you didn't she that?"
Didnt know what to think when I seen it but after watching it I love it!
"Very overrated, Miles Morales just isn't a good character, he's just a token black version of Spider-Man and the only part that's actually good is Spider-Ham and Nickolas Cage Spider-Man. Everything else sucks, I can't stand downy prozac style rap music or just any rap music in general tbh. Romance is forced and we really didn't need a ghetto version of Spider-Man, no one asked for this, does anyone even read Miles Morales comics? I doubt it."
This rubbish that some would call a movie should be removed from the marvel cinematic universe. The story is like a drunk uncle at wedding came up with it. It should be honoured to be classified under the top class work of the late genius Stan lee.
Didn't enjoy this movie . Too much of flashing images and lights. Really difficult to concentrate on the movie...
"This movie is just typical Disney / Marvel nostalgia trap. The plot makes absolutely no sense, and there are no stakes. At the end of the movie, it appears that a main character dies, and in 3 minutes he's totally fine. It's just a Disney money grab and it doesn't deserve to be on the IMDb top 250."
